                                                                                                                                                                                                  Razer CEO's explanation for the absence of the headphone jack on the Razer Phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Everything I learned about Nexus at the NYC Nexus Open Studio Event
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            [TIPS] Getting the best out of Android
                                                                                                                                                                   Now for Reddit has been reinstated on Google Play. Here's an update and a word of warning for other developers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Samsung Galaxy Note 9 Display Issue - The scam that Samsung doesn't want to admit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                iPhone X, Pixel 2 XL, Note 8...a poor man's review
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Dear Google, please don't give flashlight apps my e-mail address in Android M
                                                                                                                     [Idea] The new "What song's playing?" area on Pixel's always-on screen should be a permanent location for Google Now/Assistant notifications (mock-up inside)
                                                                                                                                                                                           My Desktop Player for Google Play Music just got updated with support for YouTube Music
                                                                                                                                                                            The first Android phone ever, the T-Mobile G1, was announced exactly 10 years ago on September 23 2008
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google Play Store should notify you when apps on your wishlist go on sale.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Sony's innovation to Android ecosystem is so underrated..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Don't Let Reddit Kill 3rd Party Apps!
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Since Google can't make a decent list, let's make our own Best Apps of 2014
                                                                                                                                                                                                 So let's nip this f/1.6 marketing thing right in the bud while it's just starting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Why do so many people dislike the blob emojis?
                                                                                                                                                                                                         My Open Source Google Play Music Desktop Player just went Cross Platform!
                                                                                                                                                                                        I really don’t understand the excuses manufacturers make for taking out the headphone jack
                         U.S. President Donald Trump: "President Xi of China, and I, are working together to give massive Chinese phone company, ZTE, a way to get back into business, fast. Too many jobs in China lost. Commerce Department has been instructed to get it done!"
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Hey Reddit, here's a Nexus 9 giveaway!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Difference in the smartphone culture in India and the US.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Android is the only thing stopping Samsung from achieving Apple like control
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Samsung doesn't get enough credit for the genius pressure-sensitive home button.
                                                                                                                                                                           There is a YouTube channel the copies comments word from word on r/android and uses them in his videos.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Will r/Android go private in solidarity with the other major subreddits?
                                                                                                                                                                                               This goes to show some of the most horrendous problems we have in Android right now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Leading Android scientific calculator now requires Caller ID
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               "Hey Google, I'm Being Pulled Over"
                                                                                                      PSA: APKMirror.com is already fully protected against "Janus" Android vulnerability disclosed today and safe to use. None of the currently hosted APKs were affected either.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Google, please bring back Google Play Edition devices!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear developers, my notification bar is NOT a billboard.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    How I learned to develop Android apps in a little over a month
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Comparing Android N & iOS10
                                                                                                                                                                                                     This is why I LOVE ANDROID (coming from iPhone and older versions of Android)
                                                                                                                                                                                       PSA: Ebay/Amazon seller BREED is flashing carrier phones and selling them as new & unlocked
                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel 3's notch area is so big that there is enough room for 2 lines of notification
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Anyone else notice how terrible the official Reddit app is for Android?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Update to the Samsung "space zoom" moon shots are fake
                                                                                                               Many Galaxy S23/S23+ have an hardware issue on the main camera that causes permanent blurred and smudged spots, Samsung refuses to aknowledge the issue and fix it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The best way to publish your game on google play
                                   Hey /r/android! Oneplus broke camera2 api since the 7.0 update on OP3(T), rendering the phone unstable (as proved inside). Refuses to fix it, ignoring the all the complains. We need your help to show them how unacceptable this behavior is.
                                                                                                                                                               [Thought] In the Google Play Store, the Apps section shouldn't include Games. There's a separate section for Games.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Dear Google, please develop a way in which we can gift apps through the Play Store.
                                                                                                                                                                                             WARNING to all Wileyfox owners: your location data and WiFi information is being sold
                                                                                                                                      [Opinion] With the removal of the headphone jack in the next Pixel, Google NEEDS to add support for Bluetooth headset that send battery data
                                                                                                                                                                       Google needs to implement Steam's rule to only allow real in-game screenshots to be showcased on the store.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Who would've thought in 2018 that Samsung would be the hero of /r/android?
                                                                                                                                       The Verge Compares the new iPhones to Flagship Android Phones- Uses 2 year Contract Price for iPhones and Unlocked Price for Android phones
                                                                                                                                                               Just stopped a fake Galaxy S6 craigslist deal that happened to be next to me. Be careful! (x-post from /r/GalaxyS6)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Shuttle Music Player is now open source!
                                                                                                                                                                               Hey Reddit, the Big Android Summer Giveaway begins! (Part 1 - A Nexus 5 and two amazing headphones)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   To all Android devs: Give us changelogs, please
                                                                                                                                                            PSA: On Android 8.1 as it is now, forgetting your screen lock PIN/Pattern/password will permanently brick your device.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google should segregate games from the app category
                                                                                                                                                                            Google Play should have an option to report an application as abandoned, especially if it's a paid one
                                                                                                                                           About a month ago, my Galaxy S4 caught on fire. Samsung told me that they would replace it. They have ignored me completely since then.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Cool Easter egg. Searching or saying "Lumos" turns on your flashlight
                                                                                                                                                   Applause to Spotify to be able to seamlessly and immediately go from my desktop, to phone to my car jack without missing a beat
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I hate how Apple pulls moves like these and industry follows
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Now just blew my mind (again)
                                                                                                                                                                                After the fake reviews, Alcatel is now forcing users to rate an application with 5 stars to use it
                                                                                                                                                          Google said it was a “problem” to give android users easier to find privacy settings, after users took advantage of them
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The Magisk Story
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Apple declined iMessage for Android in order to keep customers in their ecosystem
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Chinese Spyware Pre-Installed on All Samsung Phones (& Tablets)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 How Apple removing the charging port scares me as an Android user
                                                                                                                                                       YouTube's terms of service are changing and I think we should be wary of using ad block, YouTube Vanced, etc. Here's why...
                                                                                                                                                             I hope Pokémon GO will stay around for years to come. Not because of the game, but because it demands a good battery.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          The new EU law will force companies to let you uninstall pre-loaded apps
The new step by step guide detailing how to get started developing Android apps, with no prior experience necessary. Includes every resource I used, simple explanations and an interesting first app tutorial. Everything you need to get started in Android Development is here.
                                                                                                                                                                              Anyone believe it's high time the YouTube app on Android allows us to change the speed of the video.
                                                                                                                                                                                               How many of you guys still actively use your headphone jack? Assuming you have one.
                                                                                                                                                            Android Authority doesn't ship "giveaways" meanwhile using your social media accounts to market their website for free
                                                                                                                       PSA: The article claiming that Samsung will remove the headphone jack has ZERO sources listed, so please, don't get enraged until its confirmed by Samsung.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       The boxes phones come in should be able to transform into Google Cardboard.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Smartphone prices are getting ridiculous
                                                                                                                                                                                                          NFC is the most Underrated technology on planet earth, and I blame apple
                                                                                                                                                  **[Moderator Post] Announcement: Subreddit Lockdown in Protest of Reddit's New API Policies and the Threat to Third-Party Apps**
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   The direction Google is heading in is frustrating as a consumer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Samsung "space zoom" moon shots are fake, and here is the proof
                                                                                                                                                                                                             'Swiping' to delete a song is ruining my Google Play Music experience
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     So, how many of you have uninstalled the official reddit app?
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Samsung refuses to issue me a refund, has had my phone for 26 days and counting.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Samsung Members Korea's official reply has arrived.
                                                                                                                                                          Reminder: /r/Android makes up a tiny minority of enthusiasts Android phone users who don't represent the market at large
                   Motorola has not been able to fulfill a warranty exchange for the Moto G, X, or 360 for at minimum the past 2-3 months because they "have no replacement devices in stock." We need to pay attention to this type of consumer treatment. Many examples in post.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     My nexus 6P was stolen today.
                                                                                                                                                                                  PSA: If your Google Opinions app stopped sending you surveys, check the app's location settings.
                                                                                                                           My community-driven game removed by Google Play through false DMCA notice. Appealed twice, "at this time, Google has decided not to take action" twice.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 I was attacked and robbed, Google's "Find my phone" is worthless against thieves.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             We must talk again about the Android update situation
                                                                                                                                                                                       I wish Google Maps had an option to give me less verbose directions, but not entirely mute.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Can we talk a out how awful the YouTube app has gotten?
                                                                                               If you're still using Apex Launcher, here's a warning : the new 4.0 "huge" upgrade just erases all your settings, removes core feature and turns it into an advertisement platform.
                                                                                                                         Google better knock it out of the park with the upcoming Pixel phones because there is going to be ex-iPhone users searching for the "Best android phone"
                Around 2 years ago reddit sync was pulled from Google Play and subsequently reinstated by the support team. Today I've just received a notification from Google telling me I'm violating the same terms 2 years on and face suspension for the exact same issue...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google Assistant blew my mind today
                                                                                                                                                                                                        My app stolen by reverse engineering tools and re_published on google play
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I hate Google Photos! <happy rant inside>
                                                                                                                                                                                        Sync for reddit (including Pro) is Injecting Amazon Affiliate Tags into your Amazon Clicks
                                                                                         When Facebook bought Whatsapp the FTC said:- "We want to make clear that, regardless of the acquisition, WhatsApp must continue to honor these promises to consumers." - Time to step up?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Finally got my Pixel 2 XL today! Only it was missing one thing...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             This is why I android
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Uninstalling Facebook Speeds Up Your Android Phone - Tested
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 The future of Android Development
                                                                                                                                                                                                  I don't think OnePlus is the only Android phone that has problems calling 911...
                                                                                                                                                          Snapchat for Android takes a screenshot of the viewfinder. Instagram properly uses the camera API. Here is a comparison.