                                                                                                 If anyone figures out how to disable group tabs and the grid layout on android, let me know please.
                                                                              TIL the "Duplicate tab" feature duplicates the current tab from cache and doesn't load a new copy of the page content.
                                                                                                                                                        Please post your essential Chrome extensions
                                                                                                        How to disable tab groups (but unfortunately not tab grid) that works on Chrome 91.0.4472.88
                                                                                                                     PSA: Unseen for Facebook extension now injecting ads into Google Search results
                                                                                                                                                        BRING BACK TAB MUTING BY CLICKING THE TAB!!!
                                                                                                                                                                         New UI is smooth. Why Hate?
                                                                                                                                           how to disable the Tab Search after 91.0.4472.77 version?
                                                                                                                                              Disabling the new group tab flag on Chrome for Android
                                                                                                                 Chrome will no longer allow embedded Youtube videos to go fullscreen on ANY website
                                                                   Extension Request: Forces all news articles on Facebook to open up on the original website, instead of going to the Facebook App.
                                                                                                                                   What are all the "chrome://..." I can enter into the address bar?
                                 Getting tired of your shit, Chrome. That 2 second pause to reload-the-whole-page-and-then-jump-back-down-to-where-I-clicked-from is hangnailing my reddit browsing.
                                                                                                                                                                           Adblock vs. Adblock Plus?
                                                                                                                                                                                 Hijacked Search Bar
                                                                                                                                                Annoying banner popup when changing volume on Chrome
                                                                                  Really Google ? Edge Chromium Users are not able to view the new youtube design and it tells you to go use Chrome.
                                                                                                                                                                Cannot mute individual tabs anymore?
                                                                                                                                                                     stupid fucking designer morons.
                                                                                                                                                  So W/ new update we cant mute single tabs any more
                                                                                                                                          Can no longer click the speaker on a tab to mute said tab?
                                                                                                        I got tired of how bad bookmarks are, so I learned how to code and built a Chrome extension.
                                                                                                                                                                             Chrome is a memory hog.
                                                                                                              What is the single most useful extension that you think not enough people know about? 
                                                                                                                                                       White flash on Android whenever I reload page
                                                                                                                                 Congratulations Chrome, you made the Bookmark Manager even worse...
                                                                                                                                                      How do I disable grouped tabs in Chrome Mobile
                                                                                                                            The new Tab Search has been enabled, how long until we can't disable it?
                                                                                                                                               Don't like the new extension behavior? Let them know!
                                                                                   Microsoft Security Essentials - flagging Chrome as ZBot virus - uninstalling Chrome and blocking re-installation.
                                                                                                                                                          "Search Google for this image" option gone
                                                                                                                             Is there a keyboard shortcut for the new "add to reading list" feature?
                                                                                                                                                               My Duet bar at the bottom is gone :'(
                                                                                                                                  Chrome has the worst Settings menu from anything I have ever seen.
                                                                                                                   PSA: "Download Manager" extension re-directs Amazon URLs to its own affiliate URL
                                                                                                                                 URL Autocomplete should suggest the base address before giant URLs.
                                                                                                                                                              Chrome no longer show controls on gifs
                                                                       How can Google make such a blunder as to let two of its most important products (Chrome and Youtube) work so poorly together?
                                                                                                            I made an extension for Chrome that will allow you to view Youtube comment conversations
                                                                                                                                                    Chrome crashes when closing a youtube tab. Help?
                                                                                                                                          Just released version 1.0 of my extension, Better History!
                                                                                                                                                   Old searches keep showing up below my search bar?
                                                                                                                                                             When is Google going to improve Chrome?
                                                                                                   [PSA][Warning] GIPHY extension 6/17/2017 is now malware forwarding you to fake Chrome update site
                                                                                                                                                              You can mute any tab by clicking on it
                                                                                        Guide: Disable Chrome automatically highlighting text on sites from featured search results (AKA targetText)
                                                                                                     Just got Chrome 37. Its resolution is really low, and everything looks blown up. What happened?
                                                                                                                                                     Pro tip - use IFL as your default search engine
                                                                                                                                How do cast a tab, it now says "available for specific video sites"?
                                                                                                     Bitdefender detected a storage.googleapis.com connection as malicious - originated from Chrome?
                                                                                                                                                                        How to get old Tab look back
                                                                                                                                                                      New Google Chrome looks awful.
                                                                                                                                     Chrome is crashing new tabs showing the "He's Dead Jim" message
                                                                                                                                                  My All Time Favourite Extensions for Google Chrome
                                                                                                                               Tab grid view is the dumbest thing chrome could implement on Android!
                                                                                                                                                         [help] i can't turn off the tab grid layout
                                                                                                                                                  Found another piece of adware in Chrome Extension.
                                                                                                                   Warning: The "Save As" location from incognito may be remembered in normal mode. 
                Hey Google, instead of just making ad blockers no longer work on chrome, how about you do something about the malicious ads that require me to use an ad blocker in the first place?
                                                                                                                                                Chrome 102, how do I remove the "side panel" button?
                                                                                                                                           The Chrome Update for Android sucks. I want my tabs back.
                                     Is it just me, or does Google need to quit trying to expand Chrome's functionality and focus back on making a web browser that actually lets me browse the web?
                                                                                                                                               Goodbye Chrome, you've f'd me over one too many times
                                                                                                                                                      Chrome on Android washed out colors - Solution
                                                                                                                                                 "This extension contains malware." (Volume Control)
                                                                                     My extension G.lux (the F.lux alternative for Chrome and ChromeOS) just received a major update to version 3.0!
                                                                                                                                     Is it me...or....is Facebook starting to get ads past adblock? 
                                                                                                                                   Search bar on Android automatically removes spaces between words.
                                                                                                                         Can we ban all new posts about the new UI? Have a pinned post or something?
                                                                                                                                                    Does anyone else not like chrome's bookmarking? 
                                                                                                                                        Hey /r/chrome: Are you still seeing the download.gz problem?
                                                                                                                                                                       white search bar on dark mode
                                                                                                                                             Why you shouldn't downgrade to an old version of Chrome
                                                                                                                                                          How useful you find annotation extensions?
                                                                                                                                                            Search result on top in stead of sites..
                                                                                                                                                                        What Happened to Hover Zoom?
                                                                                                                                                                          Extension to Preload Gifs?
                                                                                                                                                       The most effective bookmark layout for Chrome
                                                                                                                                                      Disable your chrome lens today! Chrome ver.108
                                                                                                                                                      Why does Chrome keep pushing tab groups on us?
                                                                                                                                  Today my IT admin disabled all extensions at my elementary school.
                                                                                                                                        Flash Player will no longer be supported after December 2020
                                                                                                     My Chrome just updated and now the top bar (tabs, etc) takes up a ton more space. Can I revert?
                                                                           Magic Actions extension popped up a window saying "Your Chrome is out of date" with a button to search for a new version.
                                                                                                                                   Is Google planning to update Chrome with a whole material design?
                                                                                                                                  Firefox has released it's W10 UI Update. Chrome should follow too.
                                                                                                                             Will Google ever allow extensions (e.g. AdBlock) on Chrome for Android?
                                                                                                                                 [Help] After a gif has played through for the first time, it stops.
                                                                                           Why does Google "fix" things that aren't broken with "updates" that remove perfectly-functional features?
Google has restored the "Close other tabs" option in the stable version of Chrome, you just have to open the three dots menu and go to Help>About Google Chrome and wait for the update to download.
                                                                                                                                                         Chrome autofill no longer working properly?
                                                                                                                                            Anyone seeing the bg-daily-refresh toggle switch on NTP?
                                                                                                                                                                      TIL you can mark multiple tabs
                                                                                                                                                   Warning: "Easy Auto Refresh" extension tracks you
                                                                                                                                                                  My first extension: Uneddit Reddit
                                                                                                                                                                 Alternatives to Workona Tab Manager
                                                                                                                                                    Keyboard suddenly does commands instead of type?
                                                                                                                                                      YouTube is so slow; but my internet is fast...
                                                                                                                                                        Can we all agree how useless Google Lens is?
                                                                                                                                  can i remove the option to "add to reading list" in bookmark star?
                                                                                                                                   Chrome should alert users if background crypto-mining is going on
                                                                                                                                                      Block Pinterest from all google search results
                                                                                                                                                        Why is Chrome choking as soon a gifs appear?
                                                                                                  How can I install uBlock Origin in Chrome for Android? Can I install addons in Chrome for Android?
                                                                                                             An easier method to copy/export your Chrome Android tabs from into a note or text file!
                                                                          Chrome 71 removes flags needed to revert back to the non crap design, can no longer access address bar in fullscreen mode?
                                                                                                                                                                          I HATE THE MATERIAL DESIGN
                                                                                                                                 Please don't flood the bug tracker with backspace behavior reports.
                                                                                                                                           [Help] Everytime I open google chrome a pornhub tab opens
                                                                                                                   Adblock 2.6.29 now connecting to goldenticket.disconnect.me when launching Chrome
                                                                                                                                        As of January 2023 - I am no longer going to be using Chrome
                                                                                            [help] Chrome telling me on basically every site that my connection is not private or the site is unsafe
                               So the Removed the tab-muting feature in Flags.... What are they doing with chrome, this was one of the most important features i used.... Now i can only mute sites.
                                                                                              Is it possible to get Chrome to wait until an animated GIF has finished downloading before playing it?
                                                                                                                                                                  Why isn't RES in the Chrome store?
                                                                                                                                                                        Chrome doesn't block pop ups
                                                                                                                                                          Tabs grid whatever it's called. Bye chrome
                                                                                                                                               How the hell do I get rid of the tab grid layout now?
                                                                                                                                                   Anybody else notice the "new tab" button changed?
                                                                                                                                                            Chrome for Android news function change?
                                                                                                                                                                    How can I remove this info pop ?
                                                                                                                                                     Thanks to Chrome, I've now switched to Opera :/
                                                                                                                                                   All fonts became became more blurred after 69 upd
                                                                                Dear Chrome extension Devs please port your extensions to Firefox. It takes 3 minutes for most of them. Here is how!
                                                                                                                                                   Bring back "Overlay Scrollbars" on chrome:\\flags
                                                                                                                                              Is there any chance of tab speaker muting coming back?
                                                                                                                                Just set up Firefox in less than a half hour with all my preferences
                                                                                                                                          So can we please fucking stop with the fucking whitespace?
                                                                                                                                                       How does Firefox Quantum compare with Chrome?
                                                                                                                                         Why is the Chrome Webstore so damn hard to search through? 
                                                                                                                                                         Grid/Grouped tab layout is a terrible idea.
                                                                                      Anyone hate the transition to fullscreen while using Chrome particularly on YouTube and other video platforms?
                                                                                                                        PSA: The extension Pocket adds amazon affiliate links to stored amazon links
                                                                                         As someone who has terrible internet connection, I wish the Google Dinosaur Sidescroller saved your scores.
                                                                                                        Chrome now tells you which tab is playing music. Awesome. Anyway we could mute that one tab?
                                                                                                                                                                             Can't move tabs *fixed*
                                                                                                          PSA: You can now make Chrome show the full URL in the address bar (including the protocol)
                                                                                                                   Consequences of Chromium's decision to hide the "HTTP" part from the address bar.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Chrome 57 is here!
                                                                                                                                                                             Current state of Chrome
                                                                                                                                                                         Chrome suddenly not working
                                                                                                                       WARNING: One of the "Flash Video Downloader" extensions has been compromised.
                                                                                                                                   Google wasn't shitting when they said Chrome used less battery...
                                                                                    TIL That I can select multiple tabs by shift-clicking and move them from one browser window to another with ease
                                                              Public service announcement: uBlock origin (an adblocker) is the best, no competition. If you use Adblock you should switch to uBlock.
                                                                In case anybody hasn't seen it yet, /u/smooshie posted a list of malicious Chrome extensions and thought we could contribute to that
                                                                                                    This is not Chrome related, but rather /r/Chrome related: Can we have the downvote button back? 
                                                                                                           FYI: the new update on Android pushed "open in new tab group" back to the top of the menu
                                                                                                                                   Why is Chrome suddenly saving images as .webp - it never used to?
                                                                                                                                                   Hide The Fine Bro's videos from YouTube extension
                                                                                                                                                                        The Great Suspender Malware.
                                                                                                                                     How to revert back to the old style chrome (before the update).
                                                                                                                                                                       Screw you chrome 71 UI design
                                                                                                                                                               [Help] Chrome disabled Youtube Center
                                                           After displaying fake uBlock Origin as a top search result in Chrome Store for half a year, Google has finally removed the malicious app.
                                                                                                                                            Tab groups is the worst thing to happen to humanity ever
                                                                                                                                                           Why is Google pushing tab groups so hard?
                                                                                                                                                why are disabled extension icons showing up in gray?
                                                                                                                                Reddit Enhancement Suite 4.1.3 is officially in the chrome web store
                                                                                                                                                  Is there still a way to bring back the old design?
                                                                                                                   Searching for images "find image source" now completely replaced by Google Lens??
                                                                                                         The YouTube Ratings Preview extension now collects Google search data via "jgy3.ggclk.com".
                                                                                                                                                                       How do I disable Google Lens?
                                                                                                                                         Nobody likes the group tabs feature, stop forcing it on us.
                                                                                                                                                                    Enough with the Backspace posts!
                                                                                                                                                                   The new bookmarking system sucks.
                                                                                                                                             Chrome 76 will finally make incognito mode undetectable
                                                                                                                                                                                Recent Chrome update
                                                                                                                          Caution: Auto HD for YouTube extension is now injecting ads into facebook!
                                                                                   Everything in Chrome is now too big (UI, text, etc), tried things suggested in previous threads and nothing works
                                                                                                                                                                   Easter Egg in Chrome New Tab code
                                                                                                                                                        Am i the only one that likes the new design?
                The Beta version of Chrome (desktop) now also has the full native dark mode (menus with white letters) and also detects system dark/light mode and automatically switches (Windows).
                                         What the hell has happened, Chrome? Search history now takes priority over address history in the address/search bar. How or why would that ever be useful?
                                                                   Dear Chrome devs, please add the ability for me to mute a tab that is currently playing by clicking the speaker icon on that tab.
                                                                                                                                                   HoverZoom has gone evil -- say hello to HoverFree
                                                                                                                                          PSA: Reddit Enhancement Suite and "the new permissions"...
                                                                                                        Google Chrome update replaced 'Search Google for Image' with 'Search Image with Google Lens'
                                                                                                                                                                         Chrome 71 Awful UI changes.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Hate the new tabs
                                                                                                                                                     The Best Chrome Extensions I Can't Live Without
                                                                                                                                                                   Removed the ability to mute tabs?
                                                                                                                                                               Custom automatic searches not working
                                                                                                                         I just saw two bacon strips fly across Google Chrome. What the hell was it?
                                                                                                                Microsoft Engineer Installs Chrome Mid Microsoft Presentation as Edge wasn't working
                                                                                                                    PSA: How to un-fuck the Chrome Redesign & missing Thumbnails on the New Tab Page
                                                                                                  uBlock Origin developer calls out AdblockPro copying code, distributing with spyware capabilities.
                                                                                                                                                            Chrome auto-fills the Twitter search bar
                                                                                                                                                 Stop trying to force the tab grid layout on Mobile.
                                                                                                                WARNING: UBO (uBlock Origin) will possibly be removed from the Chrome web store soon
                                                                                                               Here is how to stop your most recent search result from appearing in the address bar.
                                                                                                                                                        missing the homepage most visited thumbnails
                                                                                                                   Got annoyed by all fedora Youtube comments so I made an extension to remove them.
                                                                                                                                                                             We want Tab Muting Back
                                                                                                                                                           r/chrome stands with the sitewide protest
                                                                                                                                               Disable "Copy link to highlight" in right click menu?
                                                                                                                                                                           Can't turn off Group Tabs
                                                                                    My grandparents are headed out of state with my laptop that has pornhub as home page. What can I do? (emergency)
                                                                                                                                                         Disable tab grid layout not working anymore
                                                                                    Tutorial: How to force images to be save as png, jpg (or whatever their format is) instead of the horrible .WEBP
                                                                                                                                                             I hate the new Chrome bookmarks manager
                                                                                                Google needs to release a completely stripped down Chrome. Not a memory hog, very lightweight, fast.
                                                                                                                                                Is there a way to turn off Chrome's material design?
                                                                                                                                                            Chrome treating middle-clicks as pop-ups
                                                                                                                                                      Disable Search for Black-owned shops near you?
                                                                                                                                                                           GOOGLE LENS FUCKING SUCKS
                                                                                                                                                     Manifest v3 Discussion and Impact on AdBlockers
                                                                                                                                                   Any way of getting the old tab visual style back?
                                                                                                                                 TIL a Chrome Extension was spying on me.  BEWARE "Smooth Gestures".
                                                                        Chrome Store has a fake/malicious version of uBlock Origin, and Google made it the #1 top search result for "uBlock Origin".
                                                                                                                    Probably a dumb question, but did Chrome's visuals change in an update recently?
                                                                                                                                          How do I undo the new chrome that just auto updated today?
                                                                                                                                   Create shortcut "open in window" option missing (solution within)
                                                                                                                                           Can we PLEASE sticky the "how to undo the update" thread?
                                                                     Version 69 seems ok but the tabs are too large to my liking. Anyway to shrink them back down? Themes don't seem to effect them.
                                                                                                            All my tabs look bigger than usual and everything looks more zoomed in despite 100% zoom
                                                                                                                                                   Beware of ADBLOCK SUPER - it will install malware
                                                                                                                                                                               If you use Hover Zoom
                                                                                  Forcing us to use tab grids is one thing, but not giving us the option to open tabs without grouping them? Really?
                                                                                         If you're getting the "download.gz" problem, and you know how to make a packet capture, please send us one.
                                                                                                                               Somebody please make a theme to revert the old google tab style back.
                                                                                                                                                      Version 49 "smooth scroll" defaults to enabled
                                                                                                                         Anybody else getting a hell of a lot more "He's dead, Jim!" Error messages?
                                           How to: Restart Chrome quickly - Useful if you have "Continue running background apps when Google Chrome is closed" option enabled for your notifications
                                                                                                                                          Am I the only one who doesn't have any issues with chrome?
                                                                                                                                                         Chrome V49: How to disable the new features
                                                                                                                                             Google chrome for windows is getting a Material Design.
                                                                                                                                                          Chrome crashed when closing youtube videos
                                                                                                                                                 Chrome super-bright, washed out on one monitor only
                                                                                                                                     Netflix stuttering / freezing on chrome but not Edge or Firefox
                                                        TIL that you can use Chrome's tab audio indicator to mute the tab by going to chrome://flags/#enable-tab-audio-muting and clicking "enable".
                                                                                                                                                          Return YouTube dislikes with the extension
                                                                                                 I created a Chrome extension for Facebook that allow you read message without sending read receipt.
                                                                                                                        Multiple Popular Chrome Extensions Have Been Compromised With Malicious Code
                                                                                                                                                                         Problem with YouTube videos
                                                                                                                                            Chrome for Android keeps reopening closed tabs on launch
                                                                                                                                                     How to remove malicious 'Properties' extension?
                                                                                                                                                                 The Great Suspender extension gone?
                                                                                                                                                 Offered money to insert malware into my extensions.
                                                                                                                                                                            NSFW Extension on Chrome
                                                                                                                                       (Android) Chrome recent tabs view switched to basic list view
                                                                                             Who in the right mind thoguht removing the "open closed tab" from right clicking a tab was a good idea?
                                                                                                                                                  Its 2021, and mobile chrome does NOT have add-ons!
                                                                                                                                                         Extra space between icons in bookmarks bar.
                                                                                                                                              Has the search bar autocomplete functionality changed?
                                                                                                Since the latest Chrome update, my task bar and address bar has become so much bigger and zoomed in.
                     PSA: To those who are experiencing gifs & video tearing/artifacting, black-box/bars glitching on Chrome 54 just go to settings & turn off Hardware acceleration when available.
                                                                                                                                 PSA: Try disabling *all* your extensions before asking for any help
                                                                                                                                                                             ERR_SPDY_PROTOCOL_ERROR
                                                                                                                                                  Looks like Google Now just rolled out for Desktop!
                                                                                                                                                                       Google image search sucks now
                                                                                                                                 Google has restored the "Close other tabs" option in Chrome Canary.
                                                                                                     TIL you can hold "shift + Del" on automatic URLs that dropdown in the Chrome bar to delete them
                                                                                                                                                  Am I the only one who doesn't hate the new design?
                                                                                                                                                                 Incognito: The other (awesome) use.
                                                                                                                                                So Google removed Duet on Android for good now, huh?
                                                                              Extension with 100k+ installs makes your chrome browser like random people facebook/instagram pictures. Malware alert!
                                                                                                                                                            The new video player on Chrome 67 sucks.
                                                                                                                      Tip: middle-click on the reload button to duplicate the currently selected tab
                                                                                                                                                               How to disable the new "New Tab" page
                                                                                                                                 Right click "search google" now opens a sidebar instead of new tab?
                                                                                                                     Anyway to hide/get rid of this new music thing Chrome 79 has just dumped on me?
                                                                                                                               I still hold a grudge that the devs removed the ability to mute tabs.
                                                                                                                                                  How to fix custom search engines no longer working
                                                                                                                                                                     Remote Desktop, I hate you now.
                                                                                                                  I just wanted to thank Chrome for being able to be installed on school computers. 
                                                                                                                                                                                  Chrome "Normal" UI
                                                                                                                                                  Is Google losing it - Google Chrome new bookmarks?
                                                                                                                                  Privacy Test - This random chrome extension installed itself today
                                                                                IAMA developer of a chrome extension that spys on it's users - "Smooth Gestures" ... (but we're the worst spys EVAR)
                                                                                                                                                   Chrome is no longer letting me disable grid tabs?
                                                                                                                                     Chrome duet flag not working on Android after the latest update
                                                                                                                                                 New UI update broke ability to mute individual tabs
                                                                              Chrome Only: My friend and I made a secure file sharing application - cryptoshed.com. Is this something you might use?
                                                                                                                                                          Where the fuck did #overlay-scrollbars go?
                                                                                                                                              Chrome URL autocomplete behavior changed automatically
                                                                                                                                                                                   Mute tabs option.
                                                                                                                             FYI: "Tab Manager" extension's new owners have added tracking (malware)
                                                           PSA: If you are using the 'Better Music for Google Play Music' extension for Chrome, you should know they are now injecting Superfish ads
                                                                                                                                                          Google chrome taking control of Media keys
                                                                                                        Linux: How To Fix Failed to fetch http://dl.google.com/linux/chrome/deb/dists/stable/Release
                                                                                                                                   Chrome 32 now has audio, webcam and streaming indicators on tabs!
                                                                                                    Turned a 6 year old Thinkpad into a Chromebook.  What an awesome way to recycle an old device.  
                                                                                                                                                            TIL You can drag downloads into a folder
                                                                                                                                                [update] Hoverzoom has been removed from Google Play
                                                                                                                              Chrome can now redirect Cortana web searches to Google instead of Bing
                                                                                                                                                                                           UI Layout
                                                                                                                                                                      Can't Turn Off Tab Hover Cards
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                A few tips that vastly improved my Chromebook user experience
                                                                                                                                                                                          I swapped my Chromebook for a new Surface Pro
                                                                                                                                            Windows 8.1 on Acer C720 with Graphics, Keyboard, Audio, WiFi and Power Management working!
                                                                                                                                                                  Google needs to keep competing with iPads and refine ChromeOS Tablets
                                                                                                     It took me a pathetically long amount of time for me to realize that the name of this subreddit is "Chrome OS" and not "Chromeos".
                                                                                                                                                                                                             New /r/ChromeOS Moderator!
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Why are you using a Chromebook?
                                                                                                                                                                                                  December 2015 Chromebook Buying Guide
                                                                                                                                                                               Stable version 70 impressions. Bugs and glitches galore.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    ChromeOS Team, if you're listening:
                                                                                                                                                           Chrome OS Stable channel got updated to 81.0.4044.141. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                            I know... I'll buy dad a ChromeBase, they can't get viruses and he can't mess it up, right?
                                                                                                                                                              Chrome OS Beta channel got updated to 83.0.4103.50. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                                                 A new subreddit has been made for Gaming on Cromebook!
                                                                                                                                                                       Chrome OS Canary got updated to 84.0.4127.0. Here is what's new!
                                                                                                                                                                                                 How to improve your Chromebook's speed
                                                                                                                                                             Nothing like using a Windows laptop to remind you how pleasant ChromeOS is
                                                                                                                                                                       New Google ChromeOS updates cause 100% CPU usage, heating issues
                                                                                                                                                                  Complied list of ChromeOS feature requests that everyone should star!
                                                                                                                                                                                    Just had my first real "Wow" moment with Chrome OS.
                                                                                                                                                                                                Simple beginner question (Don't upvote)
                                                                                           I Spilled Water-Based Lube on my c720. Now some keys have to be pushed really hard in order to work. Is there anything I can do to fix them?
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ChromeOS/Google needs a Creative Suite
                                                                                                                                   I'm getting frustrated with how long my ChromeBook has been listed as "Planned" to get Android Apps.
                                                                                                                                                                      Chrome OS Beta got updated to 83.0.4103.42. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                                                 Abandoning the Apple ecosystem this month for ChromeOS
                                                                                                                                               Google removing Cloud Print is concerning for ChromeOS and it needs to be discussed more
                                                                                                                                                                     What are must have Chrome extensions/apps for Chromebook? Apr 2017
                                                                                                                                                          PSA: if you don't know about the h264ify extension, you should really try it.
                                                                                                                                                                 Apple just announced that iPads will now run a desktop Safari browser.
                                                                                              UPDATE: It seems Google has pulled the .165 stable release. It should now be safe to proceed as normal. IF YOU WERE AFFECTED, READ BELOW.
                                                                                                                                        My Chromebook is almost one year old at this point, and feels like a totally different machine.
                                                                                                                                                 Am I the only one who feels that Chrome OS has become a Frankenstein Operating System?
                                                                                                                                                           ChromeOS has been more focused on features rather than stability as of late.
                                                                                                                                                                                  Mini Calendar for Chrome. They finally responded guys
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Lenovo Duet
                                                                                                                                                                                         Tip: Check Battery Cycle Count on a Chromebook
                                                                                                                                                      [Download Here]New ChromeOS Late 2018 Wallpapers Optimized for Mobile and Desktop
                                                                                                                                                           Chrome OS Stable channel got updated to 84.0.4147.110. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                   If You Want Help With Your Chromebook On This Sub-Reddit, PLEASE Tell Us Which Chromebook You Are Using In Your Post
                                                                                                                                                                                               The coolest features coming to chrome os
                                                                                                                                                               How To Use Android Widgets on the Chrome OS desktop with the Taskbar app
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Evolution of a Chrome OS user
                                                                                                                                                                                   PSA: Don't forget about ChromeOS's Powerwash feature
                                                                                                                                                                                  Skype for Web Video Calling available on ChromeOS now
                                                                                                                                                           I made a redesign of Chrome-OS to make it look more consistent with Android.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Want a $35 Chromium OS Device? I Kinda Made One :D
                                                                                                                                                   Why are some Chromebooks now more expensive than comparably specced Windows laptops?
                                                                                                                                                          Hey google, when I click the clock can you please add a month calendar there?
                                                                                  r/ChromeOS 500k Giveaway - A Premium Chromebook, USI styluses, a Keyboard & Mouse Combo, giftcodes and more are up for grabs! Comment below to enter!
                                                                                                                                                                              My Chromebook fried in the sun and I lost my textbook pdf
                                                                                                                                                                                   I wish Google did a better job advertising Chrome OS
                                                                                                                                                              Chrome OS Beta channel got updated to 84.0.4147.83. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                          PSA: If you don't know about the h264ify extension, you should really try it!
                                                                                                                                                                                             Why Chromebooks are getting a lot of hate?
                                                                                                                                                                          Heres my story; Switching from Macbook Pro to Chromebook Pro.
                                                                                                                                                                                       This is why people dont buy chromebooks in Japan
                                                                                                                                                                           Very cool ASCII weather report for Linux terminal or browser
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        72 to 73 to 72?
                                                                                                                                                                                                A brand-new, simple Screen Recorder PWA
                                                                                                                                                                                          A new standalone desktop app for Google Tasks
                                                                                                                                                                              What are must have Chrome extensions/apps for Chromebook?
                                                                                                                                                                           Android 11 is rolling out to Chromebooks on the Beta channel
                                                                                                                                                                                    Google Drive is now available as a Progress Web App
                                                                                                                                                                           Chrome OS needs it's own dedicated store for supported apps.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     A long awaited update to JSTorrent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          A good day...
                                                                                                                                                                                                   No New Pixel Chromebook or Andromeda
                                                                                                                                                                      Dear Chromebook manufacturers: more high end Chromebooks, please!
                                                                                                                                                                                    [UPDATE!] - Found a ChromeBook on a table. What do?
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Steam running locally on my Pixelbook.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           I prefer ChromeOS to Windows
                                                                                                                                                                                              Chrome OS Buying Guide - February & March
                                                                                                                                                 Hotel chain converts Windows PCs to Chrome OS using CloudReady after ransomware attack
                                                                                                                                                                                  The Great Suspender is a godsend for 2GB chromebooks.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               My 6yo just dropped this
                                                                                                                                                                                                i am never buying asus chromebook again
                                                                                                                                                              Bought a chromebook for my mother last week. Couldn't have been better...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 The ChromeOS Sub Rocks
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Netflix now 1080p in Chrome
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Offline Super Nintendo Emulator
                                                                                                                                                      I am a permanent Chromebook user since Linux appeared. I have no plans to switch.
                                                                                                                                                                      Acer C720 Chromebook successfully hackintoshed with OS X 10.11.5!
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Here we go, Chrome OS 50 rolling out!
                                                                                                                                                                        Clearing up some misconceptions about Android apps on Chrome OS
                                                                                                                        I've had the Pixelbook Go less than 24hrs but I love it already! Never used Chrome OS before, only used Windows
                                                                                                                                                              Whenever I have to use a more-expensive laptop, I just want my Chromebook
                                                                                                                                                       I'm Blown Away by how much I love my Asus Chromebook flip for designing websites
                                                                                                                                                                          Fixing a bent Acer Chromebook R14? (minor post, don't upvote)
                                                                                                                                                                                     Regular folk that got the Dragonfly Pro friday AMA
                                                                                                                                                           Chrome OS Stable channel got promoted to Chrome OS 85. This is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Chrome-OS optimized android apps list
                                                                                                                                              I am 66 years old and I finally built a small app in Python... Entirely from my Chromebox
                                                                                                                                                                                             Lenovo Chromebook Duet Initial Impressions
                                                                                                                                                  PSA: Google offers a free python environment online with gpu time. No setup required.
                                                                                                                            Anyone else who went from Windows laptop to chromebook completely blown away by how long the battery lasts?
                                                                                                                                                                           this subreddit made me sound like an idiot for almost a year
                                                                                                                                                                                                           PSA to new chromebook users!
                                                                                                                                                                                           Can I just say I fucking love my Chromebook?
                                                                                                                                                                        Google gives most Chromebooks an extra year of software support
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Couple subreddit announcements
                                                                                                                                                                                         Complete List of Chromebooks with Android Apps
                                                                                                                                                Chrome OS Stable channel got promoted to Chrome OS 84. Here is everything that changed!
                                                                                                                                                                             Getting my first Chromebook has been very anticlimactic...
                                                                                                                                                                     What are must have Chrome extensions/apps for Chromebook? Jan 2017
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Why I hate Chromebooks
                                                                                                                                                                                               Chrome OS M53 (GOOGLE PLAY) Mega Thread!
                                                                                                         WARNING: The latest stable update is stopping users from logging in. We recommend that you DO NOT update until further notice.
                                                                                                                Anyone else buying/bought a Chromebook to take the edge off computer janitoring, despite being perfectly capable of it?
                                                                                                                                                I revisited Chrome OS after almost 2 years of not checking what changed, to be shocked.
In the next few weeks, I will have completely shifted our entire office over to Chrome O/S without a single sacrifice in software options! Access to MS Office, IE, Adobe CS5, or anything, with no modifications to the Chrome device.
                                                                                                                                                                                               I think this looks great! Very Android-y
                                                                                                                                                                     I made a crowd-sourced list of android Apps optimized for ChromeOS
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Linux on ChromeOS confirmed
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Summer 2016 Chrome OS Buying Guide
                                                                                                                                                 I LOVE having chromebooks in a business environment. It drives security vendors crazy.
                                                                                                                                                                      PSA: Chrome OS has an inbuilt night light mode (similar to fl.ux)
                                                                                                                                                                                    My Recommended Chrome Flags for Chrome OS 83 Stable
                                                                                                                                                             Chrome OS Beta channel got promoted to Chrome OS 84. Here is what changed!
                                                                                       In roughly two years Chromebooks went from less than 2% to more than 50% of devices sold for US schools. Deploying over 30,000 every single day.
                                                                                                                                                144hz now possible on ChromeOS  here's how to make ChromeOS smoother than the iPad Pro
                                                                                                                                                I keep finding your subreddit through "random," and every time, I think the same thing.
                                                                                                                                                           OLDER CHROMEBOOKS ARE STARTING TO GET GOOGLES NEW 8-YEAR AUTO UPDATE POLICY
                                                                                                    Google, I'm begging you, please add an option to choose the battery percentage at which my Chromebook will warn me for low battery.
                                                                                                                                                        Why buying a Chromebook was the smartest personal IT investment I've ever made!
                                                                                                                                                                                   Just accidentally came across three finger gestures.
                                                                                                                                                                               Claim 1TB of Drive Space without buying a new Chromebook
                                                                                                                       Legit question: Why do consumers and journalists scoff at a $1000 chromebook but a phone near or at $1000 is ok?
                                                                                                                                                             Chrome OS Beta channel got promoted to Chrome OS 85. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                                         Reddit API Changes, Subreddit Blackout, and How It Affects You
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Announcing r/ChromeOSFlex
                                                                                                                                                                                             My Journey from Chromebook to LubuntuBook.
                                                                                                                                                                                           Forgot to charge my chromebook last night...
                                                                                                                                                                                                Quake for Chrome, now with multiplayer!
                                                                                                                                                                     Chrome Unboxed: More plagiarism and lack of accreditation inbound.
                                                                                                                                                              Chrome OS Dev channel got promoted to Chrome OS 85. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                            Feature request - Clicking the date/time on the shelf opens Google Calendar
                                                                                                                                                                                            A PSA regarding the Lenovo survey yesterday
                                                                                                                                                                               Google Cloud Print will be disabled on December 31, 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Lenovo duet as laptop
                                                                                                                                                           Chrome OS Stable channel got promoted to Chrome OS 83. Here is what changed!
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Split Screen on ChromeOS 113 (Beta)
                                                                                                                                      Things to be aware of when considering a Chrome OS tablet as an alternative to an Android tablet.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Chrome OS is the best choice for a older people.
                                                                                                                                                                                             Archetype: A new code editor for Chrome OS
                                                                                                                                                                                                            docs.new is truly wonderful
                                                                                                                                                              Is it just me, or has Google kind of given up on innovating on Chrome OS?
                                                                                                                                                                        Chromebooks even better than Apple laptops, for elderly parents
                                                                                                                                                                                                               I'm in Chromebook heaven
                                                                                                                                                   Bit of a Chrome os rant/thoughts after using a chromebook to type my masters thesis.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Latest Asus Chromebook Flip update & the play Store
                                                                                                                                                                   I figured out how to ADB into the Android instance on my Chromebook.
                                                                                                                                                                                     You should join our Discord server, and here's why
                                                                                                                                                                                 TIL the name of this sub does not rhyme with "Romeo's"
                                                                                                                                                                                  Just Tried Google Meet and It's Tons Better Than Zoom
