                                                     Yes, Google. The most relevant card to display at 11PM on a Tuesday when I dock you on my Pixel Stand is the restaurants near my house. Not the bedtime routine I have for Google Home that I use every night at this time. That would be silly.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google changed my device trade in value from $350 to $17.50.
                                                                                                                                                                                          If Google built a phone with the body of a Galaxy S10 and the software of a Pixel, it would sell like crazy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Anyone else wish for a smaller pixel phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              [Moderator Post] Subreddit blackout, Reddit API changes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    is anyone else's power saving mode turning itself on even though you have it off?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    A screenshot from a chat my wife had with my Google call screener
                                                                                                                                                 This year I FINALLY had the absolute pleasure of having my family prefer the photos my Pixel 6 Pro made over the ones taken by my sister's iPhone 12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Compilation of why Android 12 is not so good [with screenshots]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Please God make it stop
                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 5 is the best phone I have ever had hands down. I don't understand any of the hate that it got.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Beware when trading in your Pixel devices to Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interesting and faster way to use Google Lens
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Well, it finally happened to me from Google.
                                                                                                                                                                                              PSA: Tapping on 'no notifications' in a cleared notification shade brings up your notification history.
                                                                                                                                                                       A plea to Google: please invest in your customer service and aftercare support to have any chance of competing in this market.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          60Hz screen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Excited for a new phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        You assholes!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If you have an alarm set, you should be alerted if your alarm volume is low or off
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Pixel 3a was fully developed by the HTC team Google bought
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PSA: No. You're not the only one with a working phone here
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        24 hours with Pixel 6 Pro. First impressions and camera test.
                                                                                                                                                     I didn't know if this had been posted here, but the Pixel 4 XL beats iPhone Pro Max in speed test and Ram management was really impressive also.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             So every time I flush the toilet, my P6P shows me that Rumor Has it by Adele is playing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Found a very odd glitch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel 6 gave my wife some peace of mind
                                                                                                                                                                                                     If you're going to take out the headphone jack can you give me an aux to USB C dongle in the box
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Just got my hands on a pixel watch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I'm in times square and there's a pixel 4 Advertisement
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Is the removal of Pixel 4's unlimited original quality Google Photos storage a deal breaker for you?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Gentle reminder for Anyone who just got a new Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                      I don't know what kind of black magic the Pixel 7 is using to screen robocalls but I'm never buying a phone that can't do this.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel over iPhone... it's NOT about the Customization
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Hello, from the Pixel Support Team
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Does anyone else think Google Pixels are really bad at screen rotation?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I wish Google would release another *small* phone
                                                                                                                                                                                 If Google really wants to compete with Apple, they have to improve their customer service and post-purchase support.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google, give us 5 years of software update already!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Need to bring back Google photos unlimited storage in Pixel devices
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Store NYC has Pixel 6 in the display.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Anyone else annoyed with android 12?
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Google should let us record a message for Call Screening so people don't instantly hang up.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Anyone else getting tired of apps' changelogs never changing?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Tip: use astrophotography as a regular long exposure mode, results are amazing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "Hey Google, I'm Being Pulled Over"
                                                                                                                                                                                   Dear Google, please enable your call screening real-time transcriptions for all calls to help the hard of hearing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google please make a Pixel 8 Pro with a flat screen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google Pixel 4 XL hands-on images
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     All my Pixel phones have always worked perfectly
                                                                                                                                                                                                                I find myself purposely taking busy pictures just so I can magic erase all the people
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Anyone else hate the white boot screen?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GBoard has gotten TERRIBLE at swipe typing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Wrong Pixel 6 shipped
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Amazing camera on this phone! Pixel XL 2
                                                              Ok I am cursed. Three months ago I forgot my Pixel 4a on top a my car... And yesterday, I dropped my Pixel 6 just before getting in the car. I'm writing this post with an old Pixel 2 XL wondering if I should just get rid of my car.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Beware of Google's warranty scam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Not even joking. Type the following number into your dialer (don't actually dial)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel 6 Pro Impressions
                                                                                                                                                                              LPT: Slide your finger across the space bar to move the cursor through text instead of trying to tap on a single letter
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Anyone else staying to have second thoughts about continuing as a Google user in the future?
                                                                                                                                                                                           If there was a Google Pixel yearly upgrade program like the iPhone upgrade program I would switch so fast.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I'm Never Buying Another Pixel Before I Watch This Guy's Review
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google's lack of global warranty on Pixels is behind the competition and a shame
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I believe Google is moving in the right direction with the Pixel line.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Google used my photo on Instagram but refused to give credit - is this common?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I want the pixel 7 to be a top spec version of the pixel 5.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Welcome to Google, bye to Apple!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I hate dongles.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      So far the Pixel 5 is as close to *my* perfect phone as I've had in a long time
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Got an earthquake warning that worked!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google quietly removed the ability to use your nose as your fingerprint.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MKBHD gives the Pixel 6 Value Phone of the year award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Adaptive Sound is Great!
                                                                                                                                           Tip: If you don't charge your Pixel overnight and have always-on display enabled, keep it face-down on a table. It'll turn off AOD and save a LOT of power
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Messages SMS(Apple) Revenge!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Just want to report that my pixel 3 is really good.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Please add squeeze back to the next Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               My brother passed away and my mom put me in charge of his phone. Help.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Can Google accept that I'm not interested in sports?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Demand is bonkers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Who here uses swipe typing?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Cool hidden feature
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Anyone else get almost no robocalls since using Screen Call?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Android 10 images are live.
                                                                                                                                                                              Just occured to me that every time I tell someone what my phone is they must think I'm asking them to 'search up' Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                      Perhaps my biggest annoyance with Android 12 is how expanding lock screen notifications draws down the entire notification tray
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Confirmed: Pixel 6 / Pro massive battery drain due to software bug. Fix inside
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Went from iPhone 14 Plus to Pixel 6a...just wow....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Night Mode Astrophotography: Keep your expectations in check.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Collecting feedback related to settings and device configuration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel 4 and Pixel 4 XL size comparison with Apple, Samsung, Huawei and more
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Happy End Of Embargo Day!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Anyone not having any issue ?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 6 4 years of OS upgrade, 5 years of security updates according to leaker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1. Find image online. 2. Download image 3. Spend eternity not finding image on device
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google prepares to add Pixel-exclusive lock screen clocks in Android 12
                                                                                                                                                                                                          I've used every Pixel phone. Here are my thoughts on the Pixel 5 after a few months of use.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Idea: Pixel phones plugged to a monitor should enable chrome os
                                                                                                                                                                                       I've taken more photos in the last 3 months since switching to Pixel 3 than the last 4 years of owning iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Made By Google twitter account trolling
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Went to Best Buy, tried to find out the differences
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I wish we didn't have to have cases....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    FYI: You can now filter by Ads/No Ads and IAP/No IAP in the Google Play Games app
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Protip: accent color can be changed
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Can we just appreciate how 7 months later our Pixel 2/xl's still boot up within 4/5 seconds
                                                                                                                                                         [RANT] Only Google could make a messaging app that allows you to take photos in the app but refuse to send them because they're 'too large'.
                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 4a looking much better than the pixel 4, apparently its launch price might be lower than the 3a!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        If the Pixel 3 Has a Notch...
                                                                                                                                                                                                           This was the by far most boring and uninformative smartphone/hardware-event i've ever seen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Pixel Being a Smarter Smartphone
                                                                                                                                                              TIL: You can now adjust depth on the Pixel 2 portrait shots! Seriously, thank you Google for passing down features!! Wish Apple learns!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 7 Pro reboots on specific YouTube clip
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google made my family hate me
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I HATE optical fingerprint sensors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pixel 2 XL Is Great For Chickens!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Finally left the walled garden
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 2 xl still a beast
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          The Pixel's photo quality is still better than the iPhone's
                                                                     It's actually kind of mind-blowing that Google still doesn't have a consistent theme in place. I hate using Google apps (phone, messages) and still seeing switches that are not the theme color I chose in Wallpapers & Styles.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Is Gboard getting worse?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2mins of your time Help us get seperate volume for ring and notications
                                                                                                                                                                                          The worst part about owning a Pixel 3: Constant Google Newsfeed stories and notifications about price drops
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The most underrated feature I love about my Pixel is the Squeeze Function
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Linus Accidentally Breaks Pixel 4 Embargo on WAN Show [Screenshot in post]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Am I the only one who likes the curved screen?
                                                                                               According to the Google Store's own trade-in program, the 2017 Pixel 2 has depreciated almost 3 times as much as the 2017 iPhone X. $265 value from switching to Google vs just $61 for staying loyal.
                                                                                     Anyone else love getting flashbanged by the 7's fingerprint sensor in the wee hours of the morning? If my finger isn't square in the sensor or it doesn't authorize on that first touch I'm suddenly wide awake.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MKBHD gives the the Pixel 6 (non pro) #2 as best gadget of 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Finished with Flagships: Why I traded my P2XL for a P3a, and how it's been so far...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                New Pixel Update adds two new "Moves"
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Pro-tip: you have to turn on notification history ahead of time
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           This is the 6th time this year Google Rewards has asked me if I have a kid
                                                                                                                                                                                          I made a teardown wallpaper of the Pixel 5 (and a template to create wallpapers to account for the zoom-in)
                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 4 restrospective: how Google phones are hated at launch but suddenly cherished and loved after some time passes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whoever came up with the 3a idea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Have you ever seen someone with the Pixel 1 or 2 in the Wild?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google Needs to make an "old people" mode for Android.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Why doesn't my pixel ever remember that I've set links to "open in this app"?
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Slickwraps making user data public without consent when user leaves negative feedback on Trustpilot
                                                                                                                                                                             Don't forget if you ordered your Pixel 5 on launch night, you can now claim the Bose headphones through the Google Store
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Got the Pixel Buds Pro earlier
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Does anyone else feel like you have to fight the adaptive brightness?
                                                                                                                                                                         Does it make you sad that the Pixel5 is the last phone to promise us free unlimited high quality Google photos cloud backup?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Search bar doesn't search for apps half the time
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PLEASE GOOGLE! Give us an all black theme setting option with Android P
                                                                                                                                                                                               Is anyone else's Google (or I guess even Android) having things spoiled by news article notifications?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           An improved at a glance widget should be google's answer to dynamic island
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Had a chance to mess around with the pixel 4 xl for a few hours. Here are my thoughts.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Google really does have the worst customer service (rant)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Yet Another Pixel 5 Review - from a long time Pixel user.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I screened my soon to be exwife today.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The Pixel Still Impresses
                                                                                                                                                                                     Warning: do not chargeback any Google purchase unless you want to risk losing all your Google accounts and data.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Did Google completely forget about the weather app?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Thanks call screening, I needed a laugh today.
                                                                                                 After using the Bellroy leather case on the Pixel 7 for only 4 months, it is already tearing and peeling and Bellroy support says this is "not a manufacturing fault". Be warned about this product.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The Camera app will tell you to raise your phone for a better angle...
                                                                                                                                                                                               1 week with my 2XL and everyone has overblown the screen issues + this camera is un-fucking-believable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel Recorder is absolutely fantastic!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Update: I'm the extra phone guy, I received my refund
                                                                                                                                                                                    Protip: When checking out items on Amazon, be sure to throw the urls up at fakespot.com to scan for fake reviews.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Shout out to Google for Call Screening
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Those that have ordered - ignore the naysayers and enjoy your phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Finally, an update on the Pixel 6/6 Pro signal issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 So happy with the Android 11 update on my Pixel 3 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google Pixel Wallpapers (UHD 4K Desktop)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 10 Gestures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Handing my pixel 3 to an iPhone user always cracks me up
                                      Today I received a message reaction to a text! Rather than being notified that a message was "loved" by an iphone user. The emoji showed up on the text itself! When I tapped on the emoji, it said it was translated from an iPhone. It was nice for a change.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I dropped my caseless 3A XL from a 6th floor balcony and it's totally fine.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How many people have no issues with their phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Pixel 6 has made me realize that r/Android just needs something to complain about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Spontaneously shattered camera glass on Pixel 7
                                                                                                                           [Opinion] If Google was set on killing GPM they should've just changed GPM's color scheme to red and black, fixed bugs, added videos and changed its name to YouTube Music
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Ugh Pixel Stolen By Shipper
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unpopular opinion: I love Android P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Who's Excited and Hyped for the Pixel 4/XL?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Idea: Google Assistant 'Photographer Mode'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The Pixel 2 is the best phone I've used to date
                                                                                                                                                                    I really hope Google adds back the ability to switch WiFi networks/Bluetooth devices within the quick settings menu in Android Q.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Bye Bye Apple...
                                                                                                                                                                                          Used iPhone 5 for more than 4 years in college. Bought Pixel 2 xl from my first salary. Feels just amazing!
                                                                                                                                                                                                  I would like to thank Google/ my Pixel for not allowing me to waste my Endgame ticket (No Spoilers)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                6/6 pro owners that use fingerprint unlock--how many times a day do you experience where you have to enter your PIN, with the notification that "the phone has been locked manually"?
                                                                                                                                                What's the point of pixel stand and the entire Google assistant collaboration if I can't make calls or reply to messages without unlocking my device?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Got my Pixel 5 today. I've figured what the bioresin back feels like.
                                                                                                                                                                                               PSA: Pixel/Nexus updates can still be subject to carrier approval | AKA - Where is my update, and why?
                                                                                                                                                                                                         I'm seeing more iPhone bias in social circles recently. The pressure to switch really sucks.
                                                                                                                                                                                          Assuming $1K for the P4 is correct, how many will be keeping your current phone or moving to another brand?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I'm never going back to Samsung
                                                                                                                                                                                                             After a few months of saving and a little help from my mom I finally got the pixel 6 pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           In a house full of iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 2XL Appreciation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Warning: Google news feed is spoiling Avengers: Endgame
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Active edge squeeze is a highly underrated feature
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Ok Google, make a 6 inch phone again!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Went transparent on the Pixel 3!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Anyone else let down by the Pixel line this year and considering an iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                                         Someone called the cops on me for talking to myself when I was on the phone with my brother on my pixel buds
                      FedEx driver left phone(with label clearly stating signature required) on my front porch and never even rang the doorbell.(video showed she just dropped the package and left) So how can FedEx tracking show that I signed for the package? It shows "Signed for by: DKARAJAN"
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I miss Google Now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Ads in the feed should not happen on a pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dat frog on the weather app
                                                                                                                                                                                                           The physical finger scanner was PERFECT. The scanner on the screen is a serious step back.
                                                                                                                                                                    Phone (most likely) stolen by FedEx driver. FedEx acknowledges phone was "lost". Google won't file claim and won't replace phone.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Thank You Google!
                                                                                                                                                                                        LPT: with the notification bar dragged down, click the date in the upper left for quick access to your alarms
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 5 is just the perfect size for a small phone.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Night Sight
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel 6 Telephoto Examples (20x over miles)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Just got my Pixel 2 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Block all ads on your Google Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The Pixel 7 is $20 right now if you trade in your Pixel 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 5 review after 2 weeks of use
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Totally blind with the Pixel 5 online and I'm lovin it
                                                                                                                                                                               Well looky looky. The cast volume slider returns. (January, Update, Alphabet Inc, Google, Pixel, Android, 12) ()
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Please allow us to save 911 as a contact so that it masks who we're calling in an emergency.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel prevented me from calling 911
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trade in son's iPhone XR for $375 & 100 gift card to get Pixel 7. He said no.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     My pixel is fine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Does anyone else feel that the in-camera QR code scanner is way to slow?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           S10 review from Pixel user
                                                                              Android watch ecosystem really needs a Google Pixel Watch. My Samsung Galaxy Watch Active died today and I looked for something new and it honestly doesn't seem like anything has changed in the last couple of years.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 5 . It's been awesome!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                If you're not on Twitter, let me fill you in - these phones are good!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 5 vs Pixel 3 XL Size Comparison
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trade-in phone value reduced from $240 to $37
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Those Pixel phones might be awesome, but Google support sure ain't ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         The one thing I hate about having the Pixel.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google, please make these two hand icons the same size, shape, and color. Thanks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [RANT] Damn you Google and your staged roll outs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Apple Watch Envy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android is so much better
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I got my Pixel 3 XL today and it has blown me away
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pixel 6 Pro don't seem to get the same treatment as other brands.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           FedEx did't deliver the package. Google said: Can't help, call the police.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     So that Walmart deal was better than expected...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   OG Pixel Unlimited Photos Storage: Syncthing Guide
                                                                                                                                                                        I wish Google Now (or whatever it's called) had the common sense to not flood my feed with twenty versions of the same story.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Curved Screens - The Most Problematic Feature in Flagship Phones
                                                                                                                                                            what's the point of "hands free" google assistant if every time you say "okay Google" you have to unlock your phone. any way around this?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             My Google Pixel 3a just sang Happy birthday to me after my morning alarm
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Google Should add Slow Charging Toggle feature to Android 11...how do we make our voices heard.
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Anyone else feel like their swipe texting accuracy on the G-keyboard goes down over time?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Warranty Is a SCAM! Never buying a Google Phone again
                                                                                                                                                                                                          It's 2022 stop telling people to turn off basic features on their brand new flagship device
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       so are you buying a pixel again as your next phone yay or nay?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              So Google sent me some breakfast cereal with my Pixel 4
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Because of wireless charging, I am charging my phone every time I put my phone on dick, is that bad?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Paid $1000, received an empty box
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Pixel features are still greater and useful than any new iPhone.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      It Is New Phone Day - Don't Forget To Transfer Google Authenticator Before Wiping Your Phone!!!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              FedEx lost shipment, google won't send me a replacement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Storm warnings.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Permanently banned my account because their system didn't recognize that I returned my phones to them
                                                                                                                       TIL: When using google's call screener function, if you touch the volume up or volume down button, you can hear the callers response on speakerphone without them hearing you.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I'm the guy who leaked the Pixel Watch to Android Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Screen Call greeting is too wordy. Humans hang up before it tells them I'm there.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I finally got Call Screen. My mom is definitely not a fan.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Anyone else bugged by the extra step to turn the wifi on or off?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Does it look like smooth display is turning off when under 50% brightness to anyone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I finally figured out why my alarm kept turning off...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Why this channel is full of complaints?? Any happy pixel users?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  You've got to give Google's "Now Playing" feature credit for trying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 6 is the best Android phone I've used. It's not perfect but no phone is.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           New life for old Pixel as a backup machine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Does anyone else think the fingerprint scanner would make an awesome scroller?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 4A and Pixel 5 currently 1 and 2 in 2020 phone of year voting
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Noise cancelling on the Google pixel buds is so good
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Dark mode in Gmail. Finally.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 This community needs a reality check
                                                                                                                                                                             I sent my phone to google in August to get replaced and have had the worst customer service experience of my life since.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     FYI: Buying a Pixel has an Arbitration Agreement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A Hidden Gem: the Pixel Recorder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Just played with the Google Pixel 7 and 7 Pro at Best Buy
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 2 XL is a "Penguin" (Black, White, Orange), not a "Panda" (Black, White) \_()_/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I think my Pixel 2XL is going to be my phone for another 3 years at this rate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     We did it--Mom switched to Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                          PSA: Just remove your device from "Your Devices" before sending phones to RMA or service...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 No regrets after selling my iphone 11 pro max and joining team pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Always Listening Thought My Wife's Breast Pump was Deadmau5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8 years of Nexus/Pixel devices and I went to s10+ three days ago, HATE IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel Watch called 911
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 How I traded up to a Pixel 3 for free. Actually got some money back!
                                                                                             Support promised me an email response within 48 hours, then ignored me for 9 days, then had the fucking balls to send me a "we hope we were able to fix your problem to your satisfaction" email survey.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I hate the Assistant Driving Mode
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I have Pixel 7a AMA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I switched to the iPhone 12... and I switched back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             It works
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Google Photos is the best and most promising google service by far
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  3 years of software updates is pretty disappointing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Visually Comparing Pixel 2 / 3 / 2 XL / 3 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 12 is already wearing on me
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 7 Pro tops DXOMark
                                                                                                                                                                                        It only took 16 minutes total for me to get my Pixel 3 replaced under warranty. via a US call centre. 10/10!!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Just swapped from Note 9 to P3XL. Nothing beats vanilla Android.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "Read this page" is brilliant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            People assume call screening is voicemail
                                                                                                                                       It was my fault, but still frustrating - wrote out lengthy text in quick reply dropdown and accidentally tapped the notification and my text didn't carry over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 3 Camera Comparison with iPhone 11 Pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 5 is the best Pixel ever
                                                                                                                                                         Android 9 TIP: When you pull down the notification bar, clicking on the time stamp on the upper left brings you to your alarm clock settings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Mods: Please stop deleting the UK delivery threads
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Used Call Screening on Google Customer Support
                                                                                                                                                                                           I tracked the amount of time it took to charge the new pixel buds from ~empty to full, here is the result!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Don't kill Project Soli
                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 5 is getting delivered tomorrow, I'm like a kid at Christmas, so excited. My last Google Phone was the Nexus 5 and that was fantastic.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Google should allow third party Icon Packs in their launcher, since they made other launchers somewhat unsuable.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Does anyone actually miss the squeeze feature?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Took years for my brother to try a Pixel phone, took 3 days for him to return it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Re-register your fingers after Jan update
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel and Pixel XL Customization Starter Guide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "Historical" (10+ years) iOS user switching to Android (Pixel 4) - My experience
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Had to Call 911, It actually worked.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              The Pixel 6 will have an in display fingerprint reader.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "Driving Detected" - I'm about to throw my Pixel 5 out of my truck window...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Just got the find of a lifetime today. Basically brand new pixel 5 for $113.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I would like the option to send a fax machine noise when screening spam callers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     As a pixel user, I'm now afraid to buy new pixels in the future.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Google did the right thing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Almost no Spam Calls on Pixel 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Ive certainly tried.. but I cant keep these thoughts to myself anymore..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I have a Google Pixel 5 - any questions?
I WON! Pixel 5A had black screen issue, Google refused to honor warranty after uBreakIFix couldn't repair the device after 3 attempts. It would continually display "Radio Off" and the phone wouldn't make calls - I wrote a letter to Investor Relations and Tweeted @MadeByGoogle with 0 followers
                                                                                                                                                   My continued struggle with Google to get back my $1000 - A Google Customer Service Nightmare, and why I would NEVER buy anything from Google again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Please No More Curved Screens!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Phone reviewers are out of touch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Solved Pixel 3/3XL Performance Issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                          It's 2022 stop telling people to turn off basic features on their brand new flagship device
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              So Google sent me some breakfast cereal with my Pixel 4
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Because of wireless charging, I am charging my phone every time I put my phone on dick, is that bad?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Paid $1000, received an empty box
                                                                                                                                                                                                      It Is New Phone Day - Don't Forget To Transfer Google Authenticator Before Wiping Your Phone!!!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              FedEx lost shipment, google won't send me a replacement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Storm warnings.
                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Permanently banned my account because their system didn't recognize that I returned my phones to them
                                                                                                                       TIL: When using google's call screener function, if you touch the volume up or volume down button, you can hear the callers response on speakerphone without them hearing you.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I'm the guy who leaked the Pixel Watch to Android Central
                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Screen Call greeting is too wordy. Humans hang up before it tells them I'm there.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           I finally got Call Screen. My mom is definitely not a fan.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Please Google, bring back the rear fingerprint reader with Pixel 7.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google please, I don't need updates about every football team after I search their name just once
                                                                                                                                                                                                          The Google feed is like scrolling through nothing but clickbait ads and tabloid journalism.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Warranty Is a SCAM! Never buying a Google Phone again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Anyone else bugged by the extra step to turn the wifi on or off?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Does it look like smooth display is turning off when under 50% brightness to anyone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I finally figured out why my alarm kept turning off...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Here's a really quick & easy camera trick for interesting / dramatic wide angle shots
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Use Chromecast in Hotels via Hotspot without using your Mobile Data
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       From the Pixel 3 to the 5 - a couple of things
                                                                                                                                                                                  I made a (crappy) video to prove that the Pixel Imprint page can be used to quickly learn your fingerprint profile.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Clean your USB-C port!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel Update Pledge
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel prevented me from calling 911
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 This community needs a reality check
                                                                                                                                                                             I sent my phone to google in August to get replaced and have had the worst customer service experience of my life since.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     FYI: Buying a Pixel has an Arbitration Agreement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            My Google Pixel 7 Pro Outshines my iPhone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Google needs to remove FitBit premium paywall on the watch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       A public plea for Google to make a small Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Pixel 4 Unlimited Photo Storage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        UPDATE: Regarding overheating and battery drainage on android devices (fixed)
                                                                                                                                                            Idea: Google should sell pixel cases that are visually the same color as the pixel. This ways users can maintain the color and aesthetic.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel Super Bowl Commercial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Google Announces DIY Repairs for Pixel Smartphones with iFixit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I miss the fingerprint sensor on the back
                                                                                                                   Pixel prevented me from calling emergency services... THREE YEARS AGO. I reported the issue on this subreddit AND on Google's Issue Tracker and it got "escalated". What happened?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                                                                                         Dropped my Pixel 5 in the snow while taking pictures. First time seeing this notification. Nice to know. :-)
                                                                                                                                                                                               I used to think the sun was bright, until I unlocked my pixel using the fingerprint sensor at night...
                                                                                                                                                                              After six months of dealing with Google Support, they closed my case by incorrectly telling me my warranty has expired.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           LPT: Triple tap the time to go straight to the alarm clock
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Pixel 7 is MKBHD's choice for best phone of the year 2022.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         60 features in Android 13 that Pixel users should know about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Who else goes to tap on the home screen weather icon and gets the calendar instead.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         My Google Trade-in Nightmare
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Announcing Android 11!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I really miss the little things that Android 12 completely got rid of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Introducing the Pixel 4a
                                                                                                                                                      PSA: If you're getting a new phone in the coming weeks, remember to transfer accounts on any authentication apps before you wipe the old phone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   My Findings on the Pixel 6 Pro's "10120 Hz" Variable Refresh Rate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   My Pixel 2 is working as expected.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google sending customers locked phones and charging restock fees for returns
                                                                                                                                                                                                    [Unpopular opinion..] Can we stop making excuses for Google's poor sub-premium hardware and tech?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PSA: Random app crashes today? Uninstall Android Webview in Play Store
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        This sub has become so rude and disrespectful
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google Store accidentally sent me a case of Pixel 4 phones instead of the one phone I ordered
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Not really a pixel thing, but impressive....
                                                                                                                                                                                   If you have a Pixel 2/XL, you have until tomorrow to use the unlimited original quality backup to upload pictures.
                                                                                                                                                                                              Google would have to give the Pixel 1 Android updates until 2021 just to match Apple and the iPhone 5s.
                                                                                                                                                                                             I miss the back finger print scanner also acting as a grip point when taking the phone out of my pocket.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Earthquake Alert
                                                                                                                                                                                                       New bedtime mode while charging is great. Perfect for turning Do not Disturb on at right time.
                                                                                                                                                                 When my OG Pixel is ready to be retired, I may be abandoning the Pixel ship. Please allow me to share my perspective. Let's discuss.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The best thing about switching from iPhone to Pixel...
                                                                                                                                                                                                              As someone that works with their hands a lot, the Pixel 7 fingerprint sensor is useless
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Does anyone prefer the 3a because of its plastic build?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      21 days of no Customer Service!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Fuck the pixel 5 gap. I'm in love
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android P: I miss the drop down options under BT and wifi
                                                                                                                                                                               Talk about devaluation. Google is willing to give me only $190 for the Pixel 6 Pro, it was $900 less than a year ago 
                                                                                                                                                                              Switched from Pixel 2XL to iPhone 12...tried hard but couldn't like it swapped out for Pixel 5 and couldn't be happier.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   What's the most annoying thing about owning a Pixel vs. an iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Pixel wallpapers
                                                                                                             The paper with my refurbished Pixel says "Hello again" in all languages, except in Japanese. For some reason, it says "This product is a recycled product" in Japanese. Is that not odd?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Trouble with adaptive brightness? Try resetting it!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Embracing Pi Day
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIL you can tap to use Google Lens in the camera app
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google sent me wrong item and after 2 months just closed the case. What do i do?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The auto brightness of this phone is driving me up the fucking wall
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Finally got my pixel 6 pro fingerprint sensor to be consistently faster
                                                                                                                                                                                             Even though it was heavily criticized, 2016 Pixel was my favorite design of Google's Pixel phones so far
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 13 fixed every single issue with my Pixel 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           So it turns out borrowing a friends Sim Card Tray will void your warranty.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I put together simple AMOLED wallpapers that line the edges of the Pixel 2 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Switching to Pixel was the best decision I've made.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I have a Google Pixel 6 Pro - any questions?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I love my Pixel 5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 2 to Pixel 5 = Fantastic phone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Anyone else having issues with "OK Google" only working on occasion?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  My phone survived for a week burried in a foot of after a blizzard!
                                                                                                                                                                                        Unpopular Opinion: The Soli Radar and Face Unlock on the 4XL was amazing. (And I want it back on the Pixel 7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel features drop is meaningless if you don't live in the US
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google, why do we NEED a massive navigation bar?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Sent Pixel 3 to be repaired; offered refurbished device for $450
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Scheduling text messages
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Do people only come here to complain?
                                                                                                                                                                           Received two defective refurbishes, this one has stolen blacklisted IMEI directly from google, no one cares can't get help
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google's Vision of Android is Still the Best!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           To everyone who pre-ordered the Pixel 4...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Number 1 best seller
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Ambient EQ is a killer Pixel 4 feature and no one is highlighting it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google and Framework making an upgradable Chromebook, starting at $999
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Is it me or the pixel 4 xl speaker is so damn good?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google are using a low quality OLED panel on the regular Pixel 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       All I want is a new Pixel in the size of a 4a.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Visual guide to P6 Pro Zoom Levels
                                                  Does anyone ever use Google Assistant to set reminders, and have it consistently fail to actually remind you on time? What am I doing wrong here? Why is it always so late? I've had it "remind" me about something 5+ hours after the fact before!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Pixel 3a has reshaped how I look at smart phones.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Android 13 is the definitive Android 12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google needs physical stores!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              This is the best one ive gotten so far.
                                                                                                                                                                                                         We need to bring back custom vibration patterns for notifications, or at least more presets.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Pixel 2/XL Review MegaThread
                                                                                                                                                                                       I miss the finger print reader on the rear of the pixel 2xl and how you could do the whole swipe down with it.
                                                                                                                                                                                               1 week with my 2XL and everyone has overblown the screen issues + this camera is un-fucking-believable
                                                                                                 After using the Bellroy leather case on the Pixel 7 for only 4 months, it is already tearing and peeling and Bellroy support says this is "not a manufacturing fault". Be warned about this product.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Thanks call screening, I needed a laugh today.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Did Google completely forget about the weather app?
                                                                                                                                                                                     Warning: do not chargeback any Google purchase unless you want to risk losing all your Google accounts and data.
                                                                                                                                                What's the point of pixel stand and the entire Google assistant collaboration if I can't make calls or reply to messages without unlocking my device?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Shout out to Google for Call Screening
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel Recorder is absolutely fantastic!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Search bar doesn't search for apps half the time
                                                                                                                                                                         Does it make you sad that the Pixel5 is the last phone to promise us free unlimited high quality Google photos cloud backup?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Does anyone else feel like you have to fight the adaptive brightness?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Got the Pixel Buds Pro earlier
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              PLEASE GOOGLE! Give us an all black theme setting option with Android P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I screened my soon to be exwife today.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The Camera app will tell you to raise your phone for a better angle...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The Pixel Still Impresses
                                                                                                                                                                                    Protip: When checking out items on Amazon, be sure to throw the urls up at fakespot.com to scan for fake reviews.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Update: I'm the extra phone guy, I received my refund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Night Sight
                                                                                                                                                                                               Is anyone else's Google (or I guess even Android) having things spoiled by news article notifications?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 5 is just the perfect size for a small phone.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Block all ads on your Google Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Just got my Pixel 2 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel 6 Telephoto Examples (20x over miles)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The Pixel 7 is $20 right now if you trade in your Pixel 6
                                                                                                                   Pixel prevented me from calling emergency services... THREE YEARS AGO. I reported the issue on this subreddit AND on Google's Issue Tracker and it got "escalated". What happened?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 5 review after 2 weeks of use
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Totally blind with the Pixel 5 online and I'm lovin it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Thank You Google!
                                                                                                                                                                    Phone (most likely) stolen by FedEx driver. FedEx acknowledges phone was "lost". Google won't file claim and won't replace phone.
                                                                                                                                                                               Well looky looky. The cast volume slider returns. (January, Update, Alphabet Inc, Google, Pixel, Android, 12) ()
                                                                                                                                                                                        LPT: with the notification bar dragged down, click the date in the upper left for quick access to your alarms
                                                                                                                                                                                           If there was a Google Pixel yearly upgrade program like the iPhone upgrade program I would switch so fast.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           An improved at a glance widget should be google's answer to dynamic island
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 5 . It's been awesome!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                If you're not on Twitter, let me fill you in - these phones are good!
                                                                              Android watch ecosystem really needs a Google Pixel Watch. My Samsung Galaxy Watch Active died today and I looked for something new and it honestly doesn't seem like anything has changed in the last couple of years.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 5 vs Pixel 3 XL Size Comparison
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trade-in phone value reduced from $240 to $37
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Those Pixel phones might be awesome, but Google support sure ain't ...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         The one thing I hate about having the Pixel.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google, please make these two hand icons the same size, shape, and color. Thanks
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           S10 review from Pixel user
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Does anyone else feel that the in-camera QR code scanner is way to slow?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pixel 6 Pro don't seem to get the same treatment as other brands.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     So that Walmart deal was better than expected...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   OG Pixel Unlimited Photos Storage: Syncthing Guide
                                                                                                                                                                        I wish Google Now (or whatever it's called) had the common sense to not flood my feed with twenty versions of the same story.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Curved Screens - The Most Problematic Feature in Flagship Phones
                                                                                                                                                            what's the point of "hands free" google assistant if every time you say "okay Google" you have to unlock your phone. any way around this?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             My Google Pixel 3a just sang Happy birthday to me after my morning alarm
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trade in son's iPhone XR for $375 & 100 gift card to get Pixel 7. He said no.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     My pixel is fine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [RANT] Damn you Google and your staged roll outs.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Had a chance to mess around with the pixel 4 xl for a few hours. Here are my thoughts.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 4A and Pixel 5 currently 1 and 2 in 2020 phone of year voting
                                                                                                                6/6 pro owners that use fingerprint unlock--how many times a day do you experience where you have to enter your PIN, with the notification that "the phone has been locked manually"?
                                                                                                                                                                    I really hope Google adds back the ability to switch WiFi networks/Bluetooth devices within the quick settings menu in Android Q.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The Pixel 2 is the best phone I've used to date
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Idea: Google Assistant 'Photographer Mode'
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Finally, an update on the Pixel 6/6 Pro signal issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Ugh Pixel Stolen By Shipper
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Those that have ordered - ignore the naysayers and enjoy your phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Yet Another Pixel 5 Review - from a long time Pixel user.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Google really does have the worst customer service (rant)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Bye Bye Apple...
                                                                                                                                                                                          Used iPhone 5 for more than 4 years in college. Bought Pixel 2 xl from my first salary. Feels just amazing!
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Anyone else feel like their swipe texting accuracy on the G-keyboard goes down over time?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I dropped my caseless 3A XL from a 6th floor balcony and it's totally fine.
                                      Today I received a message reaction to a text! Rather than being notified that a message was "loved" by an iphone user. The emoji showed up on the text itself! When I tapped on the emoji, it said it was translated from an iPhone. It was nice for a change.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Handing my pixel 3 to an iPhone user always cracks me up
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 10 Gestures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google Pixel Wallpapers (UHD 4K Desktop)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 So happy with the Android 11 update on my Pixel 3 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Unpopular opinion: I love Android P
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Who's Excited and Hyped for the Pixel 4/XL?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                  I would like to thank Google/ my Pixel for not allowing me to waste my Endgame ticket (No Spoilers)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Google Should add Slow Charging Toggle feature to Android 11...how do we make our voices heard.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Warning: Google news feed is spoiling Avengers: Endgame
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 2XL Appreciation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google Pixel 4 XL hands-on images
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I'm in times square and there's a pixel 4 Advertisement
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          I want the pixel 7 to be a top spec version of the pixel 5.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Google used my photo on Instagram but refused to give credit - is this common?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Pixel Update - December 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interesting and faster way to use Google Lens
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          60Hz screen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     All my Pixel phones have always worked perfectly
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Amazing camera on this phone! Pixel XL 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Wrong Pixel 6 shipped
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           GBoard has gotten TERRIBLE at swipe typing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Anyone else hate the white boot screen?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Demand is bonkers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                I find myself purposely taking busy pictures just so I can magic erase all the people
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I hate dongles.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Welcome to Google, bye to Apple!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I believe Google is moving in the right direction with the Pixel line.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Collecting feedback related to settings and device configuration
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google's lack of global warranty on Pixels is behind the competition and a shame
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Beware when trading in your Pixel devices to Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              [Moderator Post] Subreddit blackout, Reddit API changes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Just want to report that my pixel 3 is really good.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Please add squeeze back to the next Pixel
                                                     Yes, Google. The most relevant card to display at 11PM on a Tuesday when I dock you on my Pixel Stand is the restaurants near my house. Not the bedtime routine I have for Google Home that I use every night at this time. That would be silly.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    is anyone else's power saving mode turning itself on even though you have it off?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Messages SMS(Apple) Revenge!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               My brother passed away and my mom put me in charge of his phone. Help.
                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 5 is the best phone I have ever had hands down. I don't understand any of the hate that it got.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Please God make it stop
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Compilation of why Android 12 is not so good [with screenshots]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      So far the Pixel 5 is as close to *my* perfect phone as I've had in a long time
                                                                                                                                                 This year I FINALLY had the absolute pleasure of having my family prefer the photos my Pixel 6 Pro made over the ones taken by my sister's iPhone 12
                                                                                                                                           Tip: If you don't charge your Pixel overnight and have always-on display enabled, keep it face-down on a table. It'll turn off AOD and save a LOT of power
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    A screenshot from a chat my wife had with my Google call screener
                                                                                                                                                                                              PSA: Tapping on 'no notifications' in a cleared notification shade brings up your notification history.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I'm Never Buying Another Pixel Before I Watch This Guy's Review
                                                              Ok I am cursed. Three months ago I forgot my Pixel 4a on top a my car... And yesterday, I dropped my Pixel 6 just before getting in the car. I'm writing this post with an old Pixel 2 XL wondering if I should just get rid of my car.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Beware of Google's warranty scam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Anyone else annoyed with android 12?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google Store NYC has Pixel 6 in the display.
                                                                                                                                                                                                             After a few months of saving and a little help from my mom I finally got the pixel 6 pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Need to bring back Google photos unlimited storage in Pixel devices
                                                                                                                                                                                          Assuming $1K for the P4 is correct, how many will be keeping your current phone or moving to another brand?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google, give us 5 years of software update already!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Does anyone else think Google Pixels are really bad at screen rotation?
                                                                                                                                                                                                         I'm seeing more iPhone bias in social circles recently. The pressure to switch really sucks.
                                                                                                                                                                                               PSA: Pixel/Nexus updates can still be subject to carrier approval | AKA - Where is my update, and why?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Hello, from the Pixel Support Team
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Google should let us record a message for Call Screening so people don't instantly hang up.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Anyone else getting tired of apps' changelogs never changing?
                                                                                                                                                                                         Dropped my Pixel 5 in the snow while taking pictures. First time seeing this notification. Nice to know. :-)
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Please allow us to save 911 as a contact so that it masks who we're calling in an emergency.
                                                                                                                                                                                                           The physical finger scanner was PERFECT. The scanner on the screen is a serious step back.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  "Hey Google, I'm Being Pulled Over"
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           In a house full of iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Tip: use astrophotography as a regular long exposure mode, results are amazing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel over iPhone... it's NOT about the Customization
                                                                                                                                                                      I don't know what kind of black magic the Pixel 7 is using to screen robocalls but I'm never buying a phone that can't do this.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Gentle reminder for Anyone who just got a new Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Got my Pixel 5 today. I've figured what the bioresin back feels like.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Made By Google twitter account trolling
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Not even joking. Type the following number into your dialer (don't actually dial)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                1. Find image online. 2. Download image 3. Spend eternity not finding image on device
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 6 4 years of OS upgrade, 5 years of security updates according to leaker
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Anyone not having any issue ?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Happy End Of Embargo Day!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel 6 Pro Impressions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I'm never going back to Samsung
                      FedEx driver left phone(with label clearly stating signature required) on my front porch and never even rang the doorbell.(video showed she just dropped the package and left) So how can FedEx tracking show that I signed for the package? It shows "Signed for by: DKARAJAN"
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Is the removal of Pixel 4's unlimited original quality Google Photos storage a deal breaker for you?
                                                                                                                                                                                 If Google really wants to compete with Apple, they have to improve their customer service and post-purchase support.
                                                                                                                                                                                   Dear Google, please enable your call screening real-time transcriptions for all calls to help the hard of hearing.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google please make a Pixel 8 Pro with a flat screen
                                                                                                                                                                              LPT: Slide your finger across the space bar to move the cursor through text instead of trying to tap on a single letter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Ok Google, make a 6 inch phone again!
                                                                                                                                                                                                          I've used every Pixel phone. Here are my thoughts on the Pixel 5 after a few months of use.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google prepares to add Pixel-exclusive lock screen clocks in Android 12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Adaptive Sound is Great!
                                                                                                                                                                                                         We need to bring back custom vibration patterns for notifications, or at least more presets.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              This is the best one ive gotten so far.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google needs physical stores!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Pixel 2/XL Review MegaThread
                                                  Does anyone ever use Google Assistant to set reminders, and have it consistently fail to actually remind you on time? What am I doing wrong here? Why is it always so late? I've had it "remind" me about something 5+ hours after the fact before!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Visual guide to P6 Pro Zoom Levels
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       All I want is a new Pixel in the size of a 4a.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Android 13 is the definitive Android 12
                                                                                                                                                                                       I miss the finger print reader on the rear of the pixel 2xl and how you could do the whole swipe down with it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Scheduling text messages
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Sent Pixel 3 to be repaired; offered refurbished device for $450
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google, why do we NEED a massive navigation bar?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel features drop is meaningless if you don't live in the US
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google and Framework making an upgradable Chromebook, starting at $999
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Is it me or the pixel 4 xl speaker is so damn good?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google are using a low quality OLED panel on the regular Pixel 6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Do people only come here to complain?
                                                                                                                                                                 When my OG Pixel is ready to be retired, I may be abandoning the Pixel ship. Please allow me to share my perspective. Let's discuss.
                                                                                                                                                                                                       New bedtime mode while charging is great. Perfect for turning Do not Disturb on at right time.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Earthquake Alert
                                                                                                                                                                                             I miss the back finger print scanner also acting as a grip point when taking the phone out of my pocket.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The best thing about switching from iPhone to Pixel...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Trouble with adaptive brightness? Try resetting it!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Embracing Pi Day
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Anyone else having issues with "OK Google" only working on occasion?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 2 to Pixel 5 = Fantastic phone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I love my Pixel 5
                                                                                                             The paper with my refurbished Pixel says "Hello again" in all languages, except in Japanese. For some reason, it says "This product is a recycled product" in Japanese. Is that not odd?
                                                                                                                                                                                                              As someone that works with their hands a lot, the Pixel 7 fingerprint sensor is useless
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Does anyone prefer the 3a because of its plastic build?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      21 days of no Customer Service!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Pixel 3a has reshaped how I look at smart phones.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Google Pixel wallpapers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   What's the most annoying thing about owning a Pixel vs. an iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                              Switched from Pixel 2XL to iPhone 12...tried hard but couldn't like it swapped out for Pixel 5 and couldn't be happier.
                                                                                                                                                                               Talk about devaluation. Google is willing to give me only $190 for the Pixel 6 Pro, it was $900 less than a year ago 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android P: I miss the drop down options under BT and wifi
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Fuck the pixel 5 gap. I'm in love
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I have a Google Pixel 6 Pro - any questions?
                                                                                                                                                                           Received two defective refurbishes, this one has stolen blacklisted IMEI directly from google, no one cares can't get help
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Google needs to remove FitBit premium paywall on the watch
                                                                                                                                                                                                          The Google feed is like scrolling through nothing but clickbait ads and tabloid journalism.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           LPT: Triple tap the time to go straight to the alarm clock
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google please, I don't need updates about every football team after I search their name just once
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               PSA: Random app crashes today? Uninstall Android Webview in Play Store
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        This sub has become so rude and disrespectful
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google Store accidentally sent me a case of Pixel 4 phones instead of the one phone I ordered
                                                                                                                                                                              After six months of dealing with Google Support, they closed my case by incorrectly telling me my warranty has expired.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Please Google, bring back the rear fingerprint reader with Pixel 7.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Pixel 7 is MKBHD's choice for best phone of the year 2022.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         60 features in Android 13 that Pixel users should know about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Who else goes to tap on the home screen weather icon and gets the calendar instead.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    [Unpopular opinion..] Can we stop making excuses for Google's poor sub-premium hardware and tech?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google sending customers locked phones and charging restock fees for returns
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   My Pixel 2 is working as expected.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   My Findings on the Pixel 6 Pro's "10120 Hz" Variable Refresh Rate
                                                                                                                                                      PSA: If you're getting a new phone in the coming weeks, remember to transfer accounts on any authentication apps before you wipe the old phone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Introducing the Pixel 4a
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                I really miss the little things that Android 12 completely got rid of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Announcing Android 11!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         My Google Trade-in Nightmare
                                                                                                                                                                                               I used to think the sun was bright, until I unlocked my pixel using the fingerprint sensor at night...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       A public plea for Google to make a small Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Use Chromecast in Hotels via Hotspot without using your Mobile Data
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Here's a really quick & easy camera trick for interesting / dramatic wide angle shots
                                                                                                                                                                                   If you have a Pixel 2/XL, you have until tomorrow to use the unlimited original quality backup to upload pictures.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       From the Pixel 3 to the 5 - a couple of things
                                                                                                                                                                                        Unpopular Opinion: The Soli Radar and Face Unlock on the 4XL was amazing. (And I want it back on the Pixel 7)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Ambient EQ is a killer Pixel 4 feature and no one is highlighting it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Number 1 best seller
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           To everyone who pre-ordered the Pixel 4...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google's Vision of Android is Still the Best!
                                                                                                                                                                                              Google would have to give the Pixel 1 Android updates until 2021 just to match Apple and the iPhone 5s.
                                                                                                                                                                                  I made a (crappy) video to prove that the Pixel Imprint page can be used to quickly learn your fingerprint profile.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        UPDATE: Regarding overheating and battery drainage on android devices (fixed)
                                                                                                                                                            Idea: Google should sell pixel cases that are visually the same color as the pixel. This ways users can maintain the color and aesthetic.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel Super Bowl Commercial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Google Announces DIY Repairs for Pixel Smartphones with iFixit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I miss the fingerprint sensor on the back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            My Google Pixel 7 Pro Outshines my iPhone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel Update Pledge
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Clean your USB-C port!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Pixel 4 Unlimited Photo Storage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Switching to Pixel was the best decision I've made.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I put together simple AMOLED wallpapers that line the edges of the Pixel 2 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Had to Call 911, It actually worked.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              The Pixel 6 will have an in display fingerprint reader.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         "Driving Detected" - I'm about to throw my Pixel 5 out of my truck window...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Just got the find of a lifetime today. Basically brand new pixel 5 for $113.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     I would like the option to send a fax machine noise when screening spam callers.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     "Historical" (10+ years) iOS user switching to Android (Pixel 4) - My experience
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     As a pixel user, I'm now afraid to buy new pixels in the future.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Solved Pixel 3/3XL Performance Issues
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Ive certainly tried.. but I cant keep these thoughts to myself anymore..
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I have a Google Pixel 5 - any questions?
I WON! Pixel 5A had black screen issue, Google refused to honor warranty after uBreakIFix couldn't repair the device after 3 attempts. It would continually display "Radio Off" and the phone wouldn't make calls - I wrote a letter to Investor Relations and Tweeted @MadeByGoogle with 0 followers
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Almost no Spam Calls on Pixel 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel and Pixel XL Customization Starter Guide
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Re-register your fingers after Jan update
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Always Listening Thought My Wife's Breast Pump was Deadmau5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            8 years of Nexus/Pixel devices and I went to s10+ three days ago, HATE IT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel Watch called 911
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 How I traded up to a Pixel 3 for free. Actually got some money back!
                                                                                             Support promised me an email response within 48 hours, then ignored me for 9 days, then had the fucking balls to send me a "we hope we were able to fix your problem to your satisfaction" email survey.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 12 is already wearing on me
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Google did the right thing.
                                                                                                                                                   My continued struggle with Google to get back my $1000 - A Google Customer Service Nightmare, and why I would NEVER buy anything from Google again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Please No More Curved Screens!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Phone reviewers are out of touch
                                                                                                                                                                                           I tracked the amount of time it took to charge the new pixel buds from ~empty to full, here is the result!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Don't kill Project Soli
                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 5 is getting delivered tomorrow, I'm like a kid at Christmas, so excited. My last Google Phone was the Nexus 5 and that was fantastic.
                                                                                                                                                                                     Google should allow third party Icon Packs in their launcher, since they made other launchers somewhat unsuable.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Does anyone actually miss the squeeze feature?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Used Call Screening on Google Customer Support
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Took years for my brother to try a Pixel phone, took 3 days for him to return it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Apple Watch Envy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android is so much better
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Just played with the Google Pixel 7 and 7 Pro at Best Buy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Mods: Please stop deleting the UK delivery threads
                                                                                                                                                         Android 9 TIP: When you pull down the notification bar, clicking on the time stamp on the upper left brings you to your alarm clock settings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Just swapped from Note 9 to P3XL. Nothing beats vanilla Android.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        "Read this page" is brilliant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            People assume call screening is voicemail
                                                                                                                                       It was my fault, but still frustrating - wrote out lengthy text in quick reply dropdown and accidentally tapped the notification and my text didn't carry over
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 3 Camera Comparison with iPhone 11 Pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 5 is the best Pixel ever
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 No regrets after selling my iphone 11 pro max and joining team pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             It works
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       so are you buying a pixel again as your next phone yay or nay?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Noise cancelling on the Google pixel buds is so good
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     A Hidden Gem: the Pixel Recorder
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Pixel features are still greater and useful than any new iPhone.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Does anyone else think the fingerprint scanner would make an awesome scroller?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 6 is the best Android phone I've used. It's not perfect but no phone is.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  You've got to give Google's "Now Playing" feature credit for trying
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Why this channel is full of complaints?? Any happy pixel users?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           New life for old Pixel as a backup machine
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Not really a pixel thing, but impressive....
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           So it turns out borrowing a friends Sim Card Tray will void your warranty.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  My phone survived for a week burried in a foot of after a blizzard!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 13 fixed every single issue with my Pixel 6
                                                                                                                                                                                             Even though it was heavily criticized, 2016 Pixel was my favorite design of Google's Pixel phones so far
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Finally got my pixel 6 pro fingerprint sensor to be consistently faster
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The auto brightness of this phone is driving me up the fucking wall
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Google sent me wrong item and after 2 months just closed the case. What do i do?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIL you can tap to use Google Lens in the camera app
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           FedEx did't deliver the package. Google said: Can't help, call the police.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 7 Pro tops DXOMark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Visually Comparing Pixel 2 / 3 / 2 XL / 3 XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  3 years of software updates is pretty disappointing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Google Photos is the best and most promising google service by far
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I got my Pixel 3 XL today and it has blown me away
                                                                                                                                                                                                          PSA: Just remove your device from "Your Devices" before sending phones to RMA or service...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     We did it--Mom switched to Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I think my Pixel 2XL is going to be my phone for another 3 years at this rate
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 2 XL is a "Penguin" (Black, White, Orange), not a "Panda" (Black, White) \_()_/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I hate the Assistant Driving Mode
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  I have Pixel 7a AMA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I switched to the iPhone 12... and I switched back
                                                                                                                                                                                        It only took 16 minutes total for me to get my Pixel 3 replaced under warranty. via a US call centre. 10/10!!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google changed my device trade in value from $350 to $17.50.
                                                                                                                                         I set my Google alarm to wake me up to a Spotify pop-punk playlist, but for some reason every morning the only song it plays is a Sk8er Boy by Avril Lavigne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Mind blown, never knew I could do this. Pixel 5.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Looks like the new update fixed the fingerprint reader consistency. Good job Google!
                                                                                                                                                                                                     The Google Pixel 3 "scratches" on the back glass are NOT permanent and will go away immediately.
                                                                                                       Pixel's should have the ability to become a Chromebook when connected to a TV similar to Samsung Dex. Seems like such a missed opportunity since google has Google Docs, spreadsheets etc. Smh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Are you f*cking kidding me?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Rave: I love that the Pixel 5 does not have a glass back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How many of you are waiting on a Pixel watch and new pixel buds?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Anyone else's pixel 6 pro just working with zero/minimal problems?
                                                                                                                                                                                                          I just missed my flight with the help if the silent alarm "feature" [x-post from r/android]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Stop complaining here and submit your problems directly to Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Why I'm not pre-ordering the Pixel 4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 3 came today! ... Completely destroyed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               My pixel is doing great and i don't have any problems.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              When you plug in your pixel it automatically becomes a wireless charger
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I love the back button
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Google should make an actual weather app.
                                                                                                                                      LPT: How to get full dark mode in Chrome (including the white background from search results, Wikipedia etc.) that follows the light/dark system theme schedule
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I can never go back to non-Pixel phones thanks to the camera
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Announcing Android 9 Pie!
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google: Sick of indefinite waits for products outside the US. Please lift your game...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 5 impressions after a week coming from a Pixel 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                                LPT: Is your USB-C port getting loose? Get a toothpick and clean the lint out from it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Don't get the Pixel 6 Pro they said
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                My pixelbook go just got me promoted!
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Ever wonder what a Google Pixel 6 Pro looks like after being run over by a lawn mower?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google really knocked it out of the park with the Pixel 6/6 Pro IMO
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Just got my 7pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    So I just tried watching some mature content with Live Caption on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google discover keeps spoiling shows for me.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Really wishing they didn't get rid of the fingerprint scanner right about now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Happy Pixel day everyone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         My wired pixel buds lasted less than 3 days.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel is a force now.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I call screened my mom and she hates it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Worst "review" I have seen. Telling people to return pixel 4 Christmas gifts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Just received my Pixel 4a order, with no phone in the box.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 5 is $699 in the US because of mmWave.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Is no one else still a vanilla fan???
                                                                                                                                                                                                     PSA: Update your Google Pixels to November 2022 Update. It contains a serious vulnerability fix.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 12 is here!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Walmart failed to mention that it was a buy 1 get 3 free deal on the new pixel buds.
                                                                                                                                                                                              TIL you can re-flash your pixel devices entirely from the Browser without fiddling with ADB or terminal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Happy Pixel 6 Pro Owner
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Finally Google has done it! Finally a video camera from android side that can crush the Iphones.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 I feel like Google has ruined my phone (original Pixel) with each additional "update". Warning: Rant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Let us take a moment to appreciate the greatest pixel ever, the Pixel 5.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             The pixel 2 is seriously a special phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Greatest Text I've Ever Received.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Am I the only one who wants a small Pixel?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     All those "exclusive first look at pixel 6" videos gotta stop...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pixel 4A is phenomenal. Thank you Google.
                                                                                                                                                                                            After 116 days of waiting, Google have informed me that I'm not going to get my Bose headphones after all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Update to trade in value being changed to $17.50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Why did Google get rid of the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Those using Android 10, are you keeping Dark Mode on all the time now?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I now understand why people become fans of Pixel phones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Have had my Pixel 3a XL for less than 24 hours, Here's some Surprises and Thoughts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android 10s dark mode is still half-baked
                                                                                                                 My OG Pixel XL died over the weekend. Went to bed and when I woke up, she didn't. Went and got the Pixel 4 XL and I've never had an easier time transferring my data from my backup.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                It's 2019, why does it cost $100 to go from 64gb to 128gb on a phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                             Mods, can we please just pin the known issues Instead of people constantly posting about the same stuff?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Phone is weirdly hot
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          My experience so far with the Pixel 5 coming from a Pixel 3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Think we'll get an MKBHD Pixel 6 review tomorrow?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pixel 6 Pro after 1 month
                                                                                                                               I don't understand this desire for a bezel-less phone. Especially when the alternative is a notch or camera cutout. The FRONT of the P4 looks much better than the 3XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I will never get a phone from another manufacturer again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Google discontinues Pixel 4, Pixel 4 XL less than a year after launch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MKBHD gives the Pixel 6 Value Phone of the year award
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Finally got my Pixel 2 XL today! Only it was missing one thing...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Google working on Fast Share, Android Beam replacement and AirDrop competitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          When you restart your phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     No chargers in box is idiotic idea to save money
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Disappointed in the size of the Pixel 6?
                                                                                                 Hold on -- If the 6A won MKBHD's survey... taking pics like the 5A... which takes pics like the 4A... does that mean there's a used $160 Pixel out there taking better pics than a new $1600 iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Can we all agree that the blurr-out notification shade is way better than a blank background?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google shipped my new phone via FedEx Ground, driver thought it was via FedEx Air
                                                                I RMA'd my defective Pixel Buds two months ago. Google has not returned my money. I have 4 Case ID numbers, one RMA number, and have exchanged a total of 28 emails with 6 different reps across Pixel Buds and Google Store support.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel Magic!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  When is Google going to finally fix the share menu?
                                                                                                                                                                              With almost every Google app coming out with a dark theme, really want Google Assistant and Gmail to follow it as well.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The Pixel 6 Pro absolutely lives up to the hype
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       It's time for Google to announce a true Apple Watch competitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Am I the only one who misses squeezing the phone for the assistant?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I guess I won't be setting up my Pixel 6 anytime soon...
                                                                                                                                                                                                     The Google Pixel 3 "scratches" on the back glass are NOT permanent and will go away immediately.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Looks like the new update fixed the fingerprint reader consistency. Good job Google!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Mind blown, never knew I could do this. Pixel 5.
                                                                                                       Pixel's should have the ability to become a Chromebook when connected to a TV similar to Samsung Dex. Seems like such a missed opportunity since google has Google Docs, spreadsheets etc. Smh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Stop complaining here and submit your problems directly to Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Why I'm not pre-ordering the Pixel 4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Don't get the Pixel 6 Pro they said
                                                                                                                                                                                                                LPT: Is your USB-C port getting loose? Get a toothpick and clean the lint out from it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 5 impressions after a week coming from a Pixel 2
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google: Sick of indefinite waits for products outside the US. Please lift your game...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Are you f*cking kidding me?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Rave: I love that the Pixel 5 does not have a glass back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Worst "review" I have seen. Telling people to return pixel 4 Christmas gifts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I call screened my mom and she hates it
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel is a force now.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Just got my 7pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google really knocked it out of the park with the Pixel 6/6 Pro IMO
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Ever wonder what a Google Pixel 6 Pro looks like after being run over by a lawn mower?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                My pixelbook go just got me promoted!
                                                                                                                                                                                                          I just missed my flight with the help if the silent alarm "feature" [x-post from r/android]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Anyone else's pixel 6 pro just working with zero/minimal problems?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How many of you are waiting on a Pixel watch and new pixel buds?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Announcing Android 9 Pie!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I can never go back to non-Pixel phones thanks to the camera
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Google discontinues Pixel 4, Pixel 4 XL less than a year after launch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I will never get a phone from another manufacturer again
                                                                                                                               I don't understand this desire for a bezel-less phone. Especially when the alternative is a notch or camera cutout. The FRONT of the P4 looks much better than the 3XL
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pixel 6 Pro after 1 month
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Think we'll get an MKBHD Pixel 6 review tomorrow?
                                                                                                 Hold on -- If the 6A won MKBHD's survey... taking pics like the 5A... which takes pics like the 4A... does that mean there's a used $160 Pixel out there taking better pics than a new $1600 iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Just received my Pixel 4a order, with no phone in the box.
                                                                                                                                         I set my Google alarm to wake me up to a Spotify pop-punk playlist, but for some reason every morning the only song it plays is a Sk8er Boy by Avril Lavigne
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Finally got my Pixel 2 XL today! Only it was missing one thing...
                                                                                                                                      LPT: How to get full dark mode in Chrome (including the white background from search results, Wikipedia etc.) that follows the light/dark system theme schedule
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Google should make an actual weather app.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               I love the back button
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              When you plug in your pixel it automatically becomes a wireless charger
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               My pixel is doing great and i don't have any problems.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 3 came today! ... Completely destroyed
                                                                                                                                                                                              TIL you can re-flash your pixel devices entirely from the Browser without fiddling with ADB or terminal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Disappointed in the size of the Pixel 6?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     No chargers in box is idiotic idea to save money
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          When you restart your phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Google working on Fast Share, Android Beam replacement and AirDrop competitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel 5 is $699 in the US because of mmWave.
                                                                                                                                                                                          How reliant are you on the Pixel fingerprint scanner? Is the absence of it on the 4 a deal breaker for you?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I think Google is starting to understand hardware
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Return your faulty products
                                                                                                                                                                                               Am I the only one a little annoyed clicking the time on the top bar doesn't take you to the clock now?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PLEASE bring back the Power Button Screenshot option!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          How to use OG Pixel as an unlimited Google Photos uploader.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      pixel 6 pro failed to connect to 911 last week.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     As soon as I get my P4XL Im done with tech news
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Just got a Pixel 6. The front facing fingerprint scanner is FINE.
                                                                                                                                                              I shattered my back glass on my black P3, I replaced it with a white back instead of black glass. Panda Pixel 3 is absolutely stunning!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First time Pixel owner found a very cool easter egg!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 [OPINION] Fingerprint readers are better on the back
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Why is my play bar now an animated sperm?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Big-time tech YouTubers are annoying sometimes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Does anyone actually like their phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             RIP someone pick pocketed me Pixel 6 Pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                The fingerprint scanner on the back is one of the best things I've liked about my Pixels (2XL and 5).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Why are share suggestions so awful?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Pixel 3 XL with notch removed via developer settings
                                                                                                                                                                                 UPDATE: Google Permanently banned my account because their system didn't recognize that I returned my phones to them
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Why is it that google can keep chromebooks updated for 8 years but pixel phones get 3 years max?
                                                                                                                                                                                                The fingerprint scanner on the back is one of the best things I've liked about my Pixels (2XL and 5).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Google discover keeps spoiling shows for me.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    So I just tried watching some mature content with Live Caption on
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Android 12 is here!
                                                                                                                                                                                                     PSA: Update your Google Pixels to November 2022 Update. It contains a serious vulnerability fix.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Is no one else still a vanilla fan???
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             RIP someone pick pocketed me Pixel 6 Pro
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Does anyone actually like their phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Big-time tech YouTubers are annoying sometimes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Why is my play bar now an animated sperm?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             I guess I won't be setting up my Pixel 6 anytime soon...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Am I the only one who misses squeezing the phone for the assistant?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       It's time for Google to announce a true Apple Watch competitor
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Walmart failed to mention that it was a buy 1 get 3 free deal on the new pixel buds.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         My wired pixel buds lasted less than 3 days.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Happy Pixel day everyone!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Really wishing they didn't get rid of the fingerprint scanner right about now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      The Pixel 6 Pro absolutely lives up to the hype
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I miss squeezing my phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      You did well old friend. Enjoy your retirement.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Slickwraps making user data public without consent when user leaves negative feedback on Trustpilot
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      You did well old friend. Enjoy your retirement.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I sold my face to Google for $5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I miss squeezing my phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Why is it that google can keep chromebooks updated for 8 years but pixel phones get 3 years max?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Pro-tip: you have to turn on notification history ahead of time
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Update to trade in value being changed to $17.50
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Why did Google get rid of the fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Those using Android 10, are you keeping Dark Mode on all the time now?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I now understand why people become fans of Pixel phones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Google Needs to make an "old people" mode for Android.
                                                                                                                           [Opinion] If Google was set on killing GPM they should've just changed GPM's color scheme to red and black, fixed bugs, added videos and changed its name to YouTube Music
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How many people have no issues with their phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Spontaneously shattered camera glass on Pixel 7
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Am I the only one who likes the curved screen?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Pixel 6 has made me realize that r/Android just needs something to complain about
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Have had my Pixel 3a XL for less than 24 hours, Here's some Surprises and Thoughts
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     All those "exclusive first look at pixel 6" videos gotta stop...
                                                                                                                                                                                             Mods, can we please just pin the known issues Instead of people constantly posting about the same stuff?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Am I the only one who wants a small Pixel?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Phone is weirdly hot
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Can we all agree that the blurr-out notification shade is way better than a blank background?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Google shipped my new phone via FedEx Ground, driver thought it was via FedEx Air
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      I sold my face to Google for $5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 First time Pixel owner found a very cool easter egg!
                                                                                                                                                              I shattered my back glass on my black P3, I replaced it with a white back instead of black glass. Panda Pixel 3 is absolutely stunning!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          My experience so far with the Pixel 5 coming from a Pixel 3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                The Greatest Text I've Ever Received.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Android 10s dark mode is still half-baked
                                                                                                                 My OG Pixel XL died over the weekend. Went to bed and when I woke up, she didn't. Went and got the Pixel 4 XL and I've never had an easier time transferring my data from my backup.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                It's 2019, why does it cost $100 to go from 64gb to 128gb on a phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                            After 116 days of waiting, Google have informed me that I'm not going to get my Bose headphones after all
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Pixel 4A is phenomenal. Thank you Google.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Happy Pixel 6 Pro Owner
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Finally Google has done it! Finally a video camera from android side that can crush the Iphones.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 I feel like Google has ruined my phone (original Pixel) with each additional "update". Warning: Rant
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Let us take a moment to appreciate the greatest pixel ever, the Pixel 5.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             The pixel 2 is seriously a special phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Anyone else staying to have second thoughts about continuing as a Google user in the future?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Rumors now suggest the Pixel Fold is canceled. It's probably for the best.
                                                                                                                                                                        Another Thanksgiving, another year of spending 20 minutes figuring out how to give and get photos from relatives with iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Anyone else wish for a smaller pixel phone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I can never go back to using the buttons instead of gestures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Well, it finally happened to me from Google.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google quietly removed the ability to use your nose as your fingerprint.
                                                                                                                                                                                          If Google built a phone with the body of a Galaxy S10 and the software of a Pixel, it would sell like crazy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          All of the YouTube reviews were trash today
                                                                                                                                                            I got banned from /r/iPhone and /r/iOS for asking this, but former Pixel owners who switched to iPhone (and the opposite), Pros and Cons?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   New Pixel 6 info from Max Weinbach
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google Assistant making reservations on Pixel is now active! I tried it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Had an emergency - Pixel 6a would not dial 000.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Cracked my pixel 6 pro screen in less than 24 hours AMA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How my mom uses the pixel charger for her iPhone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Random Android 12 Updates?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Obsession with no bezel--why?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Got an earthquake warning that worked!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   If you have an alarm set, you should be alerted if your alarm volume is low or off
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Pixel 3a was fully developed by the HTC team Google bought
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           PSA: No. You're not the only one with a working phone here
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        24 hours with Pixel 6 Pro. First impressions and camera test.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Finished with Flagships: Why I traded my P2XL for a P3a, and how it's been so far...
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        You assholes!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      MKBHD gives the the Pixel 6 (non pro) #2 as best gadget of 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Just got my hands on a pixel watch
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I wish Google would release another *small* phone
                                                                                               According to the Google Store's own trade-in program, the 2017 Pixel 2 has depreciated almost 3 times as much as the 2017 iPhone X. $265 value from switching to Google vs just $61 for staying loyal.
                                                                                     Anyone else love getting flashbanged by the 7's fingerprint sensor in the wee hours of the morning? If my finger isn't square in the sensor or it doesn't authorize on that first touch I'm suddenly wide awake.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     If you're going to take out the headphone jack can you give me an aux to USB C dongle in the box
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Pixel 6 gave my wife some peace of mind
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Found a very odd glitch
                                                                                                                                                                                                             So every time I flush the toilet, my P6P shows me that Rumor Has it by Adele is playing.
                                                                                                                                                     I didn't know if this had been posted here, but the Pixel 4 XL beats iPhone Pro Max in speed test and Ram management was really impressive also.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Excited for a new phone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Can Google accept that I'm not interested in sports?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Went to Best Buy, tried to find out the differences
                                                                                                                                                                       A plea to Google: please invest in your customer service and aftercare support to have any chance of competing in this market.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Just got a Pixel 6. The front facing fingerprint scanner is FINE.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Anyone else get almost no robocalls since using Screen Call?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Night Mode Astrophotography: Keep your expectations in check.
                                                                                                                                                                              Just occured to me that every time I tell someone what my phone is they must think I'm asking them to 'search up' Pixel
                                                                                                                                                                      Perhaps my biggest annoyance with Android 12 is how expanding lock screen notifications draws down the entire notification tray
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Confirmed: Pixel 6 / Pro massive battery drain due to software bug. Fix inside
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Went from iPhone 14 Plus to Pixel 6a...just wow....
                                                                                                                                                                             Don't forget if you ordered your Pixel 5 on launch night, you can now claim the Bose headphones through the Google Store
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Went transparent on the Pixel 3!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Cool hidden feature
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Pixel Magic!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   I HATE optical fingerprint sensors
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Active edge squeeze is a highly underrated feature
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Idea: Pixel phones plugged to a monitor should enable chrome os
                                                                                                                                                                                       I've taken more photos in the last 3 months since switching to Pixel 3 than the last 4 years of owning iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Pixel 4 and Pixel 4 XL size comparison with Apple, Samsung, Huawei and more
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Android 10 images are live.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Who here uses swipe typing?
                                                                I RMA'd my defective Pixel Buds two months ago. Google has not returned my money. I have 4 Case ID numbers, one RMA number, and have exchanged a total of 28 emails with 6 different reps across Pixel Buds and Google Store support.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  When is Google going to finally fix the share menu?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Anyone else let down by the Pixel line this year and considering an iPhone?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Google Assistant making reservations on Pixel is now active! I tried it.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Had an emergency - Pixel 6a would not dial 000.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Cracked my pixel 6 pro screen in less than 24 hours AMA
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     How my mom uses the pixel charger for her iPhone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Random Android 12 Updates?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         I can never go back to using the buttons instead of gestures
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Rumors now suggest the Pixel Fold is canceled. It's probably for the best.
                                                                                                                                                                        Another Thanksgiving, another year of spending 20 minutes figuring out how to give and get photos from relatives with iPhones
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Obsession with no bezel--why?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   New Pixel 6 info from Max Weinbach
                                                                                                                                                            I got banned from /r/iPhone and /r/iOS for asking this, but former Pixel owners who switched to iPhone (and the opposite), Pros and Cons?
                                                                                                                                                                                         Someone called the cops on me for talking to myself when I was on the phone with my brother on my pixel buds
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I miss Google Now
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Ads in the feed should not happen on a pixel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dat frog on the weather app
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Google Pixel Update - December 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          All of the YouTube reviews were trash today
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Dark mode in Gmail. Finally.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pixel 2 XL Is Great For Chickens!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          The Pixel's photo quality is still better than the iPhone's
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                New Pixel Update adds two new "Moves"
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The most underrated feature I love about my Pixel is the Squeeze Function
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    I think Google is starting to understand hardware
                                                                                                                                                                                          How reliant are you on the Pixel fingerprint scanner? Is the absence of it on the 4 a deal breaker for you?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 [OPINION] Fingerprint readers are better on the back
                                                                                                                                                                                 UPDATE: Google Permanently banned my account because their system didn't recognize that I returned my phones to them
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Pixel 3 XL with notch removed via developer settings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Why are share suggestions so awful?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Return your faulty products
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Linus Accidentally Breaks Pixel 4 Embargo on WAN Show [Screenshot in post]
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           This is the 6th time this year Google Rewards has asked me if I have a kid
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Why doesn't my pixel ever remember that I've set links to "open in this app"?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Have you ever seen someone with the Pixel 1 or 2 in the Wild?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     As soon as I get my P4XL Im done with tech news
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      pixel 6 pro failed to connect to 911 last week.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          How to use OG Pixel as an unlimited Google Photos uploader.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Whoever came up with the 3a idea
                                                                                                                                                                                Pixel 4 restrospective: how Google phones are hated at launch but suddenly cherished and loved after some time passes
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Dear Google
                                                                                                                                                                                          I made a teardown wallpaper of the Pixel 5 (and a template to create wallpapers to account for the zoom-in)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                PLEASE bring back the Power Button Screenshot option!
                                                                                                                                                                                               Am I the only one a little annoyed clicking the time on the top bar doesn't take you to the clock now?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Finally left the walled garden
                                                                                                                                                              TIL: You can now adjust depth on the Pixel 2 portrait shots! Seriously, thank you Google for passing down features!! Wish Apple learns!
                                                                                                                                                                                          The worst part about owning a Pixel 3: Constant Google Newsfeed stories and notifications about price drops
                                                                     It's actually kind of mind-blowing that Google still doesn't have a consistent theme in place. I hate using Google apps (phone, messages) and still seeing switches that are not the theme color I chose in Wallpapers & Styles.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Is Gboard getting worse?
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2mins of your time Help us get seperate volume for ring and notications
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Google made my family hate me
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Pixel 2 xl still a beast
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      My Pixel 7 Pro reboots on specific YouTube clip
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Can we just appreciate how 7 months later our Pixel 2/xl's still boot up within 4/5 seconds
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              I wish we didn't have to have cases....
                                                                                                                                                                                                           This was the by far most boring and uninformative smartphone/hardware-event i've ever seen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    FYI: You can now filter by Ads/No Ads and IAP/No IAP in the Google Play Games app
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        If the Pixel 3 Has a Notch...
                                                                                                                                                                                               Pixel 4a looking much better than the pixel 4, apparently its launch price might be lower than the 3a!
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Protip: accent color can be changed
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Pixel Being a Smarter Smartphone
                                                                                                                                                         [RANT] Only Google could make a messaging app that allows you to take photos in the app but refuse to send them because they're 'too large'.
                                                                                                                                                                              With almost every Google app coming out with a dark theme, really want Google Assistant and Gmail to follow it as well.