                                                                                                                                                                                             Why is autorotate so bad?
                                                                                                                                                                                           Well, I tried to order a 4a
                                                                                                                                                          Hint for if your phone transfer gets stuck on "preparing..."
                                                                                                                                                                                                      A plastic phone!
                                                                                                                                                                                        Upgraded to a P5 from 4a today
                                                                                                                                                                   Google should have given Android 14 to the Pixel 4a
                                                                                                                                                                                                Picked this up for £30
                                                                                                                                          A couple astrophography pics from a canoe trip I did. This camera is unreal.
                                                                                                                                                                                 I just bought the phone and I love it
                                                                                                                                                                        Pixel 4a can be used as wifi extender/repeater
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Android 12 sucks
                                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 4a wallpapers subreddit : /r/Pixel4aWallpapers
                                                                                                                                                                     March update made the device laggy & unresponsive
                                                                                                                                                                            Was the Whatsapp Camera Lag ever resolved?
                                                                                                                                                                                         Can we talk about its design?
                                                                                                                                                                                You guys are so kind. I love this sub.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Night shots still hold up great
                                                                                                                                                                                                Caught a shooting star
                                                                                                                                                                                   Nothing left but to say good-bye...
                                                                                                                                                                                                      I'll miss the 4a
                                                                                                                                                        Is the Pixel 4a still the best Google phone that isn't XL/big?
                                                                                                                                                                                       BRING BACK AMOLED BLACK GOOGLE.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Is pixel 4a worth getting in 2021?
                                                                                                                                                       For users that haven't updated to Android 11, you can do it now
                                                                                                                                                                         8 months left of security updates, then what?
                                                                                                                                                                         just ordered a Pixel4a to replaced my Nexus5x
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Farewell Old Friend
                                                                                                                                               Magic Eraser is here. No Google one required. Thank you so much Google!
                                                                                                                                                                          Today I received my Pixel 4a after repairing
                                                                                                                                                                                                   PIXEL BATTERY DRAIN
                                                                                                                                                                                             Android 12 update sucks!!
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Pixel 4a Mint Skin
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Pixel 4a eye strain
                                                                                                                                                                                             Wow is this phone amazing
                                                                                                                                                                          Google doesn't wanna sell phones (in Europe)
                                                                                                                                                                       Pixel 4a First Impressions + Camera Test vs 3a!
                                                                                                                                                  Pixel 4a 128gb black(GA02099-FR) and blue(GA02101-FR) listing found.
                                                                                                                                Upgrading to the P6, I always like to make a goodbye post on these subs when I upgrade
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Is it the best?
                                                                                                                                                                                         I miss old notification panel
                                                                                                                          I took the November security update yesterday, and today my battery life seems unbelievable!
                                                                                                                                                                             please upvote for pixel 4a widewine issue
                                                                                                                                                                                        Shipping has started on my 4a!
                                                                                                              4 months after the purchase of the Pixel 4a 4G and it's everything I've wanted in a Smartphone. Bargain.
                                                                                                                                                                             Just got another Android 12 System update
                                                                                                                                                                              Android 11 Intermittent Bluetooth Issues
                                                                                                                           Android 12 has killed Pixel 4a for me. How has your experience been with the update so far?
Android 12 update: Why the fuck was the "WiFi" on/off button replaced with an "Internet" on/off? How often do we turn off our network service that it warrants a button in the place where the WiFi toggle used to be?
                                                                                                                                                                                    Realized I never posted this here!
                                                                                                                                                      Android Police: The Pixel 4a is our 2020 Smartphone of the Year.
                                                                                                                                                                Recent apps button not working since Android 12 update
                                                                                           Shoutout to everyone still using this device. What a superb Smartphone this is. No plans to "upgrade" for a very long time.
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Android 13 is out!
                                                                           I managed to access and backup my 4a from beyond what I thought was the point of no return (shattered screen/no visual, broken touch input)
                                                                                                                                                                           Controversial opinion: 4a is better than 6a
                                                                                                                                                                                        Pixel 4a Water droplets shots!
                                                                                                                                                                     The Pixel 4a is the new Nexus 5 and it's GLORIOUS
                                                                                                                                                           Compile all the new features of Android 13 on Pixel 4a here
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Thanks google.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               4a + LR